Zoom Meeting 
Tue, Jul 30, 2024

0:03 - Craig Swanson Boom Hello, sir.

2:56 - Jim Huffman What's up? How's the trip?

2:58 - Craig Swanson So great. I mean, I mean, it's nothing fancy. Just, you know, beach house, beach house, beach and and, you know, family. But man, that is like everything for me.

3:14 - Jim Huffman That's good for you. And I think the Oregon Coast, that area is such a special place. I'm such a huge fan of it. So that's cool. How are your tide tracking? Your calendar looks very busy with monitoring the tides.

3:28 - Craig Swanson It was great. It was great. It was booked out. So I had two calls.

3:33 - Craig Swanson I allowed two calls to slip through. They were both EO calls. But other than that, and I kind of had this like lingering sense of dread that there were things I needed to be working on that I wasn't quite able to expunge.

3:46 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah. Good for you, though. I mean, calendar zero, that's the goal. And you lived the goal. You failed. You're now in a meeting. But good for you. You had the goal.

3:55 - Jim Huffman Oh, no, no. I'm done. I'm done. I'm back.

3:57 - Jim Huffman OK.

4:00 - Craig Swanson Um, well, I, I did say I did my auto reply. So I wasn't gonna be back until the first, but, um, that was just to give me Monday and Tuesday to like, you know, dig my through a three email. So my, I've got 18 emails in my inbox that haven't been processed yet. So I'm like getting close to surface.

4:16 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Well, we'll get for you, man. Um, that's very cool. I'm going away in like two weeks for like five days. We'll see. It is just freaking crazy right now. I mean, when isn't crazy. Um, But it's, um, man, you know, a lot going on, but I'm, I'm excited to chat with you, man. Um, this stuff gives me a lot of energy because I don't have to get on zoom calls with clients and sell the dream and, oh my gosh, just service-based business. What a, what, what a ride.

4:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

4:46 - Craig Swanson I mean, well, I don't know, like service-based business or a lot of, there's a lot of pros to it. I mean, it is certainly, there's certainly pros to a physical, wow. Yeah. I mean, there's always a green, there's always a green lawn to look at.

5:01 - Jim Huffman There's times where I'm like the agency business models, the best, why would I ever do anything different? And then there's days where I was like, I'm like, burn it down. I'm like, I'm ready to burn it down.

5:11 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

5:12 - Craig Swanson How, how are the, how are the t-shirts doing?

5:15 - Jim Huffman They're actually going really well. We just we're on all pre-orders right now, and we just hit a four row as And I'll tell you the big thing that's working is We read merchandise the website and nice Yeah, so it's all around like, we have new colors, new colors, new styles. Get your new kit. But by re-merchandizing a website or AOVs going back up, I'm seeing orders of like in, 150 but look what we're doing. Because this is the big experiment right now. We'll pre-order So we're like, hey, pre-order, warning, this will sell out again. You know, these shirts are hotter than your ex's DMs after a breakup. Thank you, fuck Jerry, chat GPT prompt. And then this is, check out the cart where, let me go, there it is. Like free shipping, free shirt at this, and it's kind of working. And so what's cool is we just did a pre-order of $50,000 and we're starting to sell through that. So we could then do another order of maybe $100,000. But we're talking to Wayflyer to see if we get a loan to increase the inventory buys, because the ads are working. But we'll see, man.

6:34 - Craig Swanson I like that. So what's your net profit margin? I will show you.

6:47 - Craig Swanson Because I'm just thinking like, so, cause there is this kind of bootstrap thing you described. It would, it would not handle nonlinear growth, but it certainly handle, it would handle. Exactly.

6:58 - Jim Huffman So basically our shirts, we can hopefully get this down eventually, but once it's all landed and everything we're estimating like $12 and 50 cents, ideally this will come down eventually, but then we can sell them for like $44 a shirt. The new polo we're going to sell for 64. Um, so yeah, so you kind of get a feel for the wait a second.

7:19 - Craig Swanson Wait a second. Okay, so All right. So at 44 I'm just going to do some really quick math here. So at 44 Let's call it 14 because or let's let's go. Okay, so 12.

7:29 - Craig Swanson So basically 30 bucks over 30 bucks.

7:31 - Craig Swanson So 30 30 buck contribution to the bottom line and You are getting You said you're getting row as a four which means that you're getting a cost of conversion of around 10. Is that right? Well, so what's- Oh, no, no, because you're doing multiples and all that.

7:51 - Jim Huffman The bundles are what's making the business model work, right? Selling the bundles like 120 bucks on average. So yeah, we're making and then, 120 you know, spending what, 30? It's, yeah, 26 right now is the cost per acquisition, basically.

8:08 - Craig Swanson Okay. So, Like over the last month, over the last month, do you have any sense of what your after ad spend? So what I'd be looking at, I'd be looking at how much cash do you have after ad spend and after cost of goods sold?

8:27 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah. The good thing is our costs are so minimal that that's really the core of it. So I need to get the exact number but like on average so 120 minus what three shirts? 36 minus we even 30 so it's like what we're $50 making after all of this 40 to $50 profit or gross margin, so how much How much per week like like what in the last week How can you can

9:00 - Craig Swanson you easily pull that up?

9:04 - Jim Huffman Absolutely Do you mind that we're going here instead of like the because actually honestly, I think there's a course in here I mean, I think yeah So, you know, you know, it's basically like 500 to $1,000 day is, is

9:21 - Jim Huffman what we're doing. So we'll do last seven days.

9:24 - Craig Swanson Let's do last week. Let's do last week. He'll give a little, okay. You're doing just, you're just showing me Shopify. Okay. So does that mean the five thou effectively $5,000 the last seven days?

9:35 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

9:36 - Jim Huffman Okay.

9:38 - Jim Huffman And this is where we're spending like $70 a day on ads. And it's gone up to like a hundred dollars a day on ads.

9:45 - Craig Swanson Oh, okay. So even though you're giving me your cost of sale, you're getting a lot that's not sales. You're getting a lot of like you, what percentage of your sales are attached to Facebook or to ads?

9:59 - Jim Huffman I mean, yeah, that's the only, we do have some like core, uh, blog posts, but that is the number one driver.

10:05 - Jim Huffman I mean, the The only thing I'm seeing here is you said it was a 4.0 ROAS, but if you have $5,000 coming in and you've only spent whatever 70 times 7 is, that's not adding up.

10:20 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so like 700 times 4. You're saying it should be 3. I didn't hear 700. I heard 70.

10:23 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so we're spending between $70 to $100 per day.

10:35 - Jim Huffman Oh, okay.

10:37 - Craig Swanson Oh, so it was it still it really was that low. Okay, so 700 so okay, so that's a lot more than a 4-0 row as or Your source is not coming from Facebook ads or a majority of purchases We are so we have email that's working a little bit.

10:55 - Jim Huffman We're not as aggressive with her right now and then we have a our blog that does a decent job. So those are the other two things. I'm even kind of getting in so you can see, we'll go last seven days. Okay, so 700, we can even look at ads that worked if you want. I don't know if this is helpful. So look at the bear. Let's look at breakdown by Enter video to see what's driving the volume, if this is helpful.

11:41 - Jim Huffman So, oh, wow. Oh, yeah. So it's, oh, wow, that one's popping out more. Yeah, so the cost per, you can kind of see, it's kind of me doing the water balloon test and then there's different variations.

11:57 - Jim Huffman So, yeah.

12:03 - Jim Huffman But anyway, that's a little bit of like what's going on and we're testing it like this undershirt campaign. And there's a decent amount of stuff going on.

12:13 - Craig Swanson How long, how long before they get their shirt? Like if I ordered today, how long, how long until I get it?

12:19 - Craig Swanson Oh, that's like that. My wife is like a gym. I can't believe you're doing this. So look at this mid October.

12:27 - Craig Swanson That's not bad. Do you try? Well, here's the thing. Well, okay, it is a long time. It's a very long time. So how long from the time you order it do they get it? Is the order that I'd get in mid-October already in progress?

12:43 - Jim Huffman It's already in progress. The problem is we've had to do some things with our manufacturer. Our next order will be faster. But yeah, we've already ordered $50,000 worth of product to land late September where they're going to hopefully it'll ship by October.

13:03 - Jim Huffman But here's the thing, if pre-orders are working like this, and we sell through all that, we're like, oh, we need to put in another order. The big thing for our business model, if we can prove pre-orders by creating so much scarcity and urgency, that gets really exciting from a cash management perspective, to get the money before we get the product.

13:24 - Craig Swanson Exactly, and if I order today, do you charge my credit card today?

13:27 - Jim Huffman Mm-hmm, absolutely.

13:29 - Craig Swanson I think, I was under the impression that there were different rules in different parts of the world in terms of like, whether you could do that or not, I would still do it and be like, I would totally do it. And then be told I can't. Yeah.

13:43 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Do you have any, do you have any mechanism?

13:47 - Craig Swanson Do you have any mechanism to do an email capture for me at this stage? When I want to be like, if I don't want to order, but I won't be told when it's available.

13:56 - Jim Huffman Yeah, we don't have like the full wait list and everything, and we just have the pre-order. But no, you're exactly right, because we could be losing out. Because if you look at, our add to cart should be higher. It's OK right now. It's five, but then only like basically 2%. So there is like a 3% drop off, essentially.

14:15 - Craig Swanson Can you take me back? Take me back to the Facebook ad. Show me the full Facebook ad reporting. And I just want to see, I want to see the ROAS.

14:26 - Jim Huffman Gotcha, they're not having in this view. Okay, let me custom columns.

14:39 - Jim Huffman Is there one, let's see if it goes to performance. We have ROAS, I need to add it in.

14:44 - Craig Swanson I mean, honestly, what I wanna see is I wanna see the amount you spent and then the cash received. Like that's really what I'm looking for. I mean, I don't actually care about the ROAS number itself.

14:54 - Jim Huffman Oh, gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So let's see if we get total costs and then revenue.

15:00 - Craig Swanson So 700, and then- Okay. So I can see a little bit here, amount spent 700, then you've got cost per result. Do you have the revenue?

15:11 - Jim Huffman It's not pulling in. This view doesn't have, we have like a preloaded, I have to recreate. Um man this has changed since i've done oh sale so let's try that um oh wait no why is this so hard right now oh this is so sad how antiquated I am at this now We should be able to just pull. Can I just customize the columns and add it?

15:53 - Jim Huffman Yeah, you can. Well, at least you used to.

15:56 - Jim Huffman Oh, there it is. Customize. Beautiful.

16:03 - Jim Huffman Purchase ROAS. Let's see if we pull it. Is it sales or what's it called? Revenue? Let's see.

16:19 - Jim Huffman Cost per result, ROAS. Let's just go conversions.

16:28 - Jim Huffman Purchases. Total. We'll put value. We'll put cost per purchase. That might already be there. ROAS. OK. Let's just see what this does.

16:44 - Craig Swanson I mean, it doesn't matter if you have in-app selected, because if you've got no in-app, it won't really show anything. I guess it will, yeah. So we'll take a column.

16:54 - Jim Huffman It'S all coming back to me now, doing this. Then we'll put cost per purchase right there just for fun. We'll see what happens. All right, okay, let's see. Purchase value, so we spent 700, made 24. So it's 242 divided by 700, 3.5 ROAS, basically. Now, what level do you trust that at? So, I mean, so like, you know, yeah, what level do you trust that at?

17:29 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I mean, they have their own bias. So, I mean, 75%.

17:34 - Craig Swanson But I know, like, can you can you track it to the order using UTMs or something else like that on Shopify?

17:46 - Jim Huffman We do. Let's see, because we do have some new teams.

17:54 - Jim Huffman I might even go into GA to look at some stuff. I'd have our technical team get into that.

17:59 - Craig Swanson I just want to share where my thought process is. Notice the qualifier is, the first question I ask is, how much can you trust it? Because I need to know I can trust it for what my next step is.

18:15 - Craig Swanson Yes.

18:16 - Craig Swanson What I use, so every, so I use a UTM. My UTM of source is Facebook ad for everything that I do that is a Facebook ad or Instagram ad conversion. So basically what I'm looking for is I'm looking for only purchases that on the last click attribution are using, that have the UTM of Facebook ad for me. So I'll just start with that. Which I think you could probably do, and I have basically a special report for that. So because what I want to do is I basically want to use that number instead of Facebook's number.

18:51 - Jim Huffman Gotcha. Yeah, yeah.

18:52 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

18:54 - Craig Swanson Then in my case, I'd want to actually know that math. It looks to me from what you've told me about the cost of good and everything else, you are well under the cost of goods sold in terms of like that you have change sitting in your bank account, and it is going to cost you less than that to fulfill that order.

19:14 - Craig Swanson Correct. Yeah.

19:16 - Craig Swanson Okay. So my question is why Why $700 a month? Why not $7,000 a month?

19:26 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I mean, that's, that's kind of, this is all kind of new that it just went to a four row as tomorrow. We're talking about like how aggressive we want to put our foot on the gas to start raising it by like 10% per day. But yeah, that's yeah. That's the thing. We got to figure that out. Cause we were a little nervous. We're kind of waiting for a customer service because people didn't know this was pre-order. And so we literally had to put it in the title and that was about it.

19:56 - Jim Huffman So you might not be looking at, you might not be looking at results that are with this promise.

20:02 - Jim Huffman Um, correct. However, we're like, so far we've, we've, and we have a whole email series. It's like, thank you for your pre-order for your product that comes in October. Just trying to be very clear. Um, but, um, we're starting to see signals that it's kind of working.

20:18 - Craig Swanson Um, I want a little bit more data from my standpoint, if the money is in the bank, if the money is in the bank. And I would have it in a, like I'd have it in a special account. I would probably, like I'd probably have it in a, I use Relay for my, well you've seen, I use Relay for my bank. I'd probably have a special account, which is my pre-order checking account. I would not, I would basically try to like manage my money so I'm well, so I'm above what it takes to fulfill the promises I've made in that account. I would be very liberal with guarantee use. Yeah. Or your money back guarantee. Because until we've actually shipped them something, they've given me their money. It's kind of sitting in there. I might play with adding guarantee language. I might play with, does that help or hurt my conversions? I would definitely need to make sure that we are answering customer service calls and all that.

21:15 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

21:16 - Craig Swanson But with all that, it might feel a little bit freaky, but I would not like, I would kind of like inch up to it, but I would, I would not mind if I had a hundred thousand dollars in pre-order setting in that account.

21:30 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I mean, a hundred percent because it's all about like, Oh, we don't even have to take a loan out if we're able to use the cash from customers to fund the product.

21:41 - Craig Swanson And you, and you can use that cash also to run Facebook ads.

21:44 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah. The only, the worst case scenario is if all of a sudden everyone's like, Hey, bamboozled, this is pre-order you, you tricked me.

21:52 - Craig Swanson And then they all, which is, which is why you have to really quick and responsive customer service for guarantees. Like make sure all the language. And it's also like, I would definitely be sneaking up to that. Like, like when you said that the, this wording is not what you've been getting conversions on. I might wait a little bit. Like, you know, the thing is you don't want to, you don't want to trash your reputation.

22:13 - Unidentified Speaker Mm-hmm.

22:15 - Craig Swanson Um, yeah, anyway, I, I, but excited here. Let me, uh, I mean, let me, let me, let me share mine.

22:25 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

22:25 - Craig Swanson Um, cause we are actually, okay. So let's, let's, I'm just going to share my desktop. Let's let's first of all, let's talk about just kind of where we are. Um, so.

22:37 - Craig Swanson the event right page for the EO event, which I think, I think there's an opportunity for us here to shift over and to start selling this thing, which is really tangible as a learning experience to like figure out what sells and what doesn't.

22:50 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

22:52 - Craig Swanson Um, I go to ads manager. I don't know if you've looked at it. Basically we, so we have spent about a hundred bucks. Actually, I haven't even looked. Well, it's going to be to verify, and I don't want to go through verification. But I assume that we've had withdrawals from the account, and we've spent $100.

23:11 - Craig Swanson We've had 16 outbound links from that.

23:17 - Craig Swanson And then I was looking at it in Klaviyo. Assuming you don't know any of these people, I do not know.

23:25 - Jim Huffman Okay.

23:26 - Craig Swanson One, two, three, four, five, six. We've had six people that have gone through and got on the email list.

23:32 - Jim Huffman Okay. So in California and Michigan, big deal.

23:37 - Unidentified Speaker Yep.

23:38 - Craig Swanson What'd you say? Big deal.

23:40 - Jim Huffman Yeah. We got two in Michigan, Colorado. There we go.

23:44 - Craig Swanson You're huge.

23:46 - Craig Swanson So I mean, based on those numbers, like we're getting it was about 12. So, so let's say it's 100 and we got six. So it's about like 18, 17, $18 per email, which, um, might be within the, I mean, you know, honestly, there's, there's no reason that you couldn't do a followup with these people for, um, you know, for, for, for growth yet. Um, yeah.

24:12 - Craig Swanson 18 is probably too much of a conversion for us to really lean into anything for selling digital goods quite yet.

24:19 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

24:20 - Craig Swanson But I mean, it's super lower than the numbers you were giving me for leads, whether they're qualified.

24:27 - Craig Swanson Oh, yeah, paying $150 for a Calendly. Yeah, yeah.

24:30 - Craig Swanson But we have no idea who these people are.

24:32 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

24:35 - Jim Huffman It's like, are they junior marketers or unemployed people or do they run marketing for a business? Yeah. And then we, on an individual basis, we can look.

24:46 - Craig Swanson All right. So, so this person doesn't look, Oh, Oh, am I not sending them? So here's what I'm seeing. They subscribed and they subscribed to email marketing.

24:58 - Jim Huffman Um, they're not getting the flow.

25:01 - Craig Swanson They didn't get the flow. Is the flow live?

25:04 - Jim Huffman Two delivered. Wonder if that was, it says it's live. Is there some weird with the trigger?

25:14 - Craig Swanson Oh, okay. Okay. Here's something for me to fix. Here's something for me to fix. Um, the trigger and I actually ran into this elsewhere. The trigger is, is based on when they submit the form.

25:31 - Craig Swanson Um, and If they have certain, like that's a script. And so it looks like, let me just open up a couple more of these.

25:45 - Craig Swanson You'll notice none of these say anything about the form.

25:49 - Craig Swanson form submitted. So it's just different types of intelligence. So we know that they subscribe because they're in the list, but apparently like that JavaScript wasn't firing, isn't firing on a bunch of people. So it's probably being blocked by stuff. And so I was trying to use the form submission and what I really need to do is I need to switch it over to use the list that's being added to. Yeah. But you can see this person, for example, uh, Ron Martin at, uh, I can manually email these people.

26:20 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

26:21 - Craig Swanson Um, you know what? I will, uh, we can, I can also just basically when I get a new form, I can do it.

26:27 - Jim Huffman Okay, cool.

26:28 - Craig Swanson Um, just looking at who these people are. So he received the email and then he clicked the link. So that's what, that's what he's supposed to experience.

26:37 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

26:39 - Craig Swanson Okay, cool. Um, so if we're hunting for something that we can scale on, Let's take a look at what the ad performance is.

26:52 - Jim Huffman Yeah, because one thing that I wanted to talk with you about is I want to feed the creative beast. So one thing I was thinking through as we go through this, getting more creative.

27:05 - Jim Huffman Yep.

27:07 - Craig Swanson Let's take a look at the images for the creative.

27:14 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I was looking for the video and let's see, what's that one?

27:20 - Craig Swanson I don't know. So when it doesn't show me, when it doesn't show me the numbers in here, I use the amount spent as my proxy.

27:28 - Jim Huffman Okay, yeah, so that one.

27:33 - Craig Swanson So these are the top two over here.

27:38 - Jim Huffman And then yeah, the next one it looks like the video one. What's that? 34 had the most spend and I think is that the video that's the video with text where we don't we don't even say blocking growth we say the sold-out playbook I Think actually there's maybe nothing.

27:56 - Craig Swanson You know what? Oh, there you go. There it is.

27:58 - Jim Huffman Yep And that's such a bad video, but it's funny, but I think it's, it's native. So I think that's probably why it does better. I could recreate that so much.

28:14 - Craig Swanson So.

28:18 - Craig Swanson So I think we're hunting for the creative. I don't see the click-through being strong enough that I really think we need to worry about what the offer is on the page. So I think we need to work on the creative here first.

28:32 - Jim Huffman Agreed. And the other thing I'm thinking through is doing more experiments around the sold-out playbook, more around this idea of what's blocking growth. I worry that growth marketing operating system is selling features and not solving a problem. So it could be creative around those two things and then seeing which path we go down. All right.

29:02 - Craig Swanson So let me throw out a thought here. Let me throw out a thought. And I think this still is all in alignment. But the other thing I was thinking is, So regardless, OK, so let's start with this. Regardless, right now we're not hitting creative that I think is getting us the type of clicks we need to be able to start focusing on other parts of the funnel. And I think you are in agreement on that.

29:27 - Craig Swanson Agreed, yeah.

29:28 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

29:28 - Craig Swanson So.

29:32 - Craig Swanson I look at the Eventbrite page for growth marketing because, and this, this just went live. So it's not something that like, basically this is, this is the same content that is in the EO hub. And this is basically to attract people to that event that are not yet members of EO.

29:49 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

29:50 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

29:52 - Craig Swanson If there was creative that could drive people either to this landing page or we could basically push people to after they get the download.

30:01 - Craig Swanson This is actually selling something that is very much in alignment with what we're doing. It would be helpful for EO and it'd be helpful for your event.

30:14 - Craig Swanson This feels Enough in alignment with everything else that we're not like twisting ourself in a pretzel to be able to make the justification But what do you think? Yeah, so basically we like try and get them with the content upgrade then redirect them here I would say one or two either redirect So I would probably put the content upgrade and then also maybe just do one or it just drops them right here Yeah, for sure.

30:35 - Jim Huffman And we would want to focus specifically on like Seattle, Pacific Northwest for this.

30:40 - Craig Swanson Yep. Yep. Gotcha. Yeah. And let's take a look here in terms of like the behavior. So we've got broad Seattle leads. We've got broad U.S. Leads.

30:51 - Jim Huffman So four and twelve. Right.

30:52 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

30:54 - Craig Swanson And I mean, you can definitely see we have spent this. Oh, interesting.

31:01 - Craig Swanson So my guess is Seattle is the more expensive market because we've effectively spent the same amount of money on both and got three times or three times the, uh, the click throughs rod versus Seattle.

31:16 - Jim Huffman Yeah, that makes total sense.

31:19 - Craig Swanson But, um, We've got, you know, we've got money to spend. I mean, like not spend foolishly, but we, you know, we spent a hundred bucks on these experiments. We can spend more. The other thing I was also thinking about this, I mean, like I said, These are relatively small, but, um, I could even, I could even bill back the EO Seattle for any, for any stuff we have that goes directly to that thing. I mean, I mean, within, within reason, but a couple hundred bucks, a couple hundred bucks of Seattle ad spend to promote the up event yeah probably couple hundred bucks doesn't matter all that much they're the ones making the money off of this right exactly mm-hmm yeah no I think that that makes sense it builds the awareness for you yeah so the question is from a creative standpoint the two places that we are driving them to would either be this or that, or some variation on that. Potentially it could even be like, yeah.

32:36 - Craig Swanson So what do you think you'd do creative-wise to drive one of the two of those things?

32:40 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I'm thinking like... There's this one type of image where you could like scroll through the whole deck that I'm going to present. And you do it really fast. And it talks about everything they're going to get from this. That's one. I'm thinking of one that's like a sizzle reel of like me talking a bunch. I'm thinking of statics. Speaking to like the transformation of it. I'm thinking through Native ones maybe that I could try and record Yeah I'm also thinking like what's realistic and fast as opposed to starting from scratch Things that I can already leverage. So I'm just kind of thinking out loud right now on the few different options Because We do have some, I don't know if those will work. And candidly, we're changing how we make ads at GrowthHead to work in Canva as opposed to Figma and then using a bunch of different stuff for video to be more scalable. We've made like 20 templates. We're trying to make like 200 templates of ads. It's not done yet, but that's something that could be leveraged once we have that ready.

33:56 - Jim Huffman But I don't know if that makes sense. Canva, I mean, you know, I don't think it was a place to do ads for video, but it totally works for ads for video.

34:05 - Jim Huffman Oh, my gosh. It's yeah. And it's just so much faster. So we don't have to do a script and a storyboard handed to the video editor to do it. It's like, oh, my gosh.

34:15 - Craig Swanson I mean, I'll tell you one thing, like the classic thing that I would do would be just you just in your environment right there, just recording a 45 second pitch.

34:26 - Jim Huffman Okay. Any thoughts on the script of that?

34:31 - Craig Swanson Um, I could, I could write a script for you. I mean, I mean, I combined with like our previous conversations and AI could write a script for you and it would basically be, I mean, my, my, my thinking is, It would be for this. So it'd be a script for this.

34:49 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

34:51 - Craig Swanson Oh, and actually, you know what? I would repurpose this and also use this same one and put it on LinkedIn for EO. And it would be your pitch for EO members to join us.

35:02 - Jim Huffman Oh, cool. OK.

35:03 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

35:04 - Craig Swanson So that's a good double hit. And it's basically going to be you saying, hey, if you're in Seattle, Entrepreneurs Organization is offering a special growth marketing clinic with me, Jim Huffman. This is for business owners that have problem X, problem Y, problem Z. And we are going to be at the Columbia Tower Club looking over all of Seattle is totally beautiful. Come for lunch and learning and figure out how to 10x your business. Yippee-ki-yay.

35:42 - Jim Huffman Honestly, I'm so glad we have the AI. I think that's the script. Give that to me and I can record there's one we could do that's a little just me talking There's another one might be better for ads where we can have my video editor when it talks about Columbia Tower Club It cuts to like the beautiful Columbia Tower Club and we can use some things and we could test both of those I Think it'd be great.

36:05 - Craig Swanson And and okay, so if we did that, all right, so let me just let's just think this through I We can do this one of two ways.

36:25 - Craig Swanson I actually like testing that. Let's see if we can test selling the event. Let's try selling the event. And then when we're selling the event, we can either drop them right here on Eventbrite, or we can drop them on something like this, a modified version of this that has the details about Eventbrite with no pricing or anything else and do the email capture.

36:44 - Jim Huffman Yeah, it would be nice to use that to build the database just so, because I feel like that's an easier conversion of it. Learnings, but yeah.

36:53 - Craig Swanson And we can also give them the why isn't your company growing PDF because that is very much in alignment with what you're gonna be teaching.

37:00 - Jim Huffman Yeah, that's a very good point, yeah.

37:04 - Craig Swanson And you know what, we have, there's a lot of, there's a lot of things we have not done at all, just largely because we're still kind of like, we're learning, we're figuring out, and there's not, you know, there's not so many clicks through right now that like, we're trying to figure out what to maximize, but Right now, I'm looking for anything that people are going to click on. If they do click on it, then we can start looking at other things. We can start looking at like, you know, we could, we could throw in, we get AB tests, throwing them to this clinic versus an upsell to like something else. I mean, there's things you can do if you've got a low of people.

37:34 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's really figuring on top of the funnel, what, what engages, what works.

37:41 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And I think we can also, yeah, so I will give you, I'll give you an ad for the, I'll give you some ad copy that you can totally riff off and go a different direction, uh, for the growth marketing clinic course, as well as, uh, for the, why isn't, why isn't your company growing free PDFs?

38:04 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

38:04 - Jim Huffman So basically two ads, we record those, um, Do you want to give me a third for the sold-out playbook? So we just have that potentially or no?

38:15 - Craig Swanson I don't think we're doing anything right now. We're not actually selling the sold-out playbook. We don't have anything to follow up with the sold-out playbook.

38:22 - Jim Huffman Yeah, true.

38:23 - Jim Huffman The only thing we've really got would be calling this the sold-out playbook.

38:28 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And to go back to that conversation, I feel like for EO, definitely what's blocking growth is the right path. The sold-out playbook might be better for those like up-and-coming founders that are like, oh, I want to launch a brand. Oh, what do I do? It could be have a bigger TAM or addressable. You know what?

38:51 - Craig Swanson Why don't we record? I'll get you in for the sold-out playbook. Okay. And then we can, I mean, even if we don't have something to offer, we can like right now the problem is the problem is a click through. The problem is the offer. Yeah. Yeah. So if, if, if we get like 20 people, if we get a bunch of people clicking through to a page that doesn't match the offer, we will see that and then we can go fix it.

39:13 - Jim Huffman Yeah, exactly. It's like, oh, that's where we directionally where we should go. Okay. I'm game for that.

39:18 - Unidentified Speaker Cool.

39:19 - Craig Swanson So I will do that. I'll do that today. I'll do that. I'll promise it by tomorrow morning. But like, basically, I'll kind of do it today. Unless maybe actually, what is, do you remember the, I'll do it and send it to you.

39:39 - Jim Huffman Okay. Very cool. So yeah, I should be able to record either tomorrow or Thursday. So right now I have some open space on Thursday. We'll see if that holds.

39:51 - Craig Swanson By the way, just for you, do you notice when you said I'll record for Thursday, you kind of like leaned in?

39:56 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

39:58 - Craig Swanson You were kind of adjusting yourself and your head got bigger. Just this is me, just, this is just coaching. I don't know if you've done a bunch of it, but like when you do that, even if it's intentional, basically you're leaning in. It's like these unconscious gestures we do when we are talking to somebody that's either us just moving our body or just kind of like leaning in or like whatever else that draws people in. If you can add that rather than you just like sitting there statically, like, so interesting.

40:24 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah. Should I record it sitting here or do you want me to do it on my phone and go vertical with it?

40:33 - Craig Swanson I think your record is sitting there. Okay. And I think, I'm trying to think here. You might do a couple recordings, like what I would probably do, are you on an, do you have a, what do you want? Do you have like an iMac?

40:47 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I'm on a Mac. I could, or yeah, it's a Mac mini, but then I have HP and then I have a Logitech camera and then a Yeti microphone.

40:58 - Craig Swanson Okay, cool. So I would put the, I put the script as close to the iFrame, as close to where the camera is going to be seeing you as possible. And then, we're going to riff a little bit, but basically, I kind of want you to do this. I kind of want you to start standing up, and basically kind of go, sit in like lean in like like kind of like it's this motion of like leaning into a script but you can't you need to get you need to be verbally saying something in the first couple seconds so it really is kind of like this you just kind of start here and you lean in just start talking to people um am I leaning in the whole

41:36 - Jim Huffman time I'm talking or do I then lean?

41:39 - Craig Swanson Oh, so I want to see the lean. So that's the thing. It's like right now you're like this and then you lean in and that that motion will will like that change of me not talking to be talking. That's what I want. That's what I want in the first couple of seconds.

41:53 - Jim Huffman Cool. I'm writing this down. OK.

41:59 - Craig Swanson And actually in my case, if I were going to do it, I'm actually, as we're doing this, I would have to rearrange myself because my, my mic is getting in the way. Like I'd have to figure out like, but there's some type of thing you want some type of like, yeah.

42:13 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Then, yeah, let me play with that. Maybe I can give you some options, but that makes total sense. As opposed to just start and I'm like this statue right here.

42:24 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And it's not about the information. It's not about the information. And there is this really wonderful, you have such an endearing way of like talking with human beings that I, that my guess kind of like evaporates when you're talking for a recording where you're trying to do like the, where you're focused on the words. I would rather have you stammering a little bit and like, like, you know, like, like that, like that, that where you pop back and you're laughing. Yeah. If you, if you, if, if there was a moment of you stopping, popping back and laughing, but the problem is it'll probably look like you're acting badly.

43:00 - Jim Huffman You know, it's so funny. My wife, we always joke, I do this course for LinkedIn and read a script and that was horrible. It was the most like miserable experience of my life recording it for them. But when I'm impromptu, They're like, oh, it's that's it. That's it. But then it was painful. So I kind of hear you there to have the script in mind, but I won't read it like it's the Ten Commandments.

43:26 - Craig Swanson Yeah, I mean, you know, it's the thing is, but yes, exactly that, exactly that. And like the recording for LinkedIn, like this is what we were doing with Creative Live for years is like, we were always trying to get the acoustic set. Like you'd always have this. So the thing is, like my guess is, my guess is one of the things about you as a human being that's engaging is you kind of exude an enjoyment of people and of life. And you smile genuinely and you laugh. And my guess is none of that shows up in your LinkedIn learning.

43:59 - Jim Huffman Yeah, that's why it's better like riffing or in person, right? Because you can have that back and forth. But let me try and bottle up some of that where it doesn't look like a horrible actor.

44:15 - Craig Swanson And I would just say the other thing you can do is you could also do a zoom call. You could, you could record zoom or you could like, but you could also say, Hey, it could be to your wife, to someone else, just like pitch them instead of pitching a camera that is not you.

44:28 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

44:30 - Jim Huffman Cool.

44:31 - Jim Huffman All right, cool. I'll crank on it. But yeah, I think this is fun to get the learnings on what the offer should be. And I think these are some good short term or just as far as what we're going after. I mean, let me rattle in my head even more around offers because it's something I think about a lot.

44:53 - Craig Swanson Let me show you my Facebook stuff. So part of this is like, I love starting out and seeing what you're doing with t-shirts. We are, for civil rights education, we are going to the next step.

45:04 - Jim Huffman So Oh, nice. So you've got the customer acquisition machine working?

45:10 - Craig Swanson Well, I mean, it is working-ish. So let me throw this in here. All right. So this is for today. So today we have a purchase conversion value of 335, and we spent 621. So we're not ROAS positive today at this stage. But there is enough coming around. We're getting like half of it covered. Yeah, yeah. Also, you notice I bumped up my budget to a thousand. I saw that that's exciting Because we are like this is part of what we're getting to us if I go back to like the last two weeks Yeah, I mean so we're we're running a little bit below 50% conversion like a little bit low as 0.5 But we're getting like 84 purchases like like the system is flowing.

46:00 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

46:00 - Craig Swanson Yeah and The reason I bumped up to 1,000 is because we are launching our next workshop September 10th and 11th. This is being announced on Thursday. So this is not out there. So basically, with this coming, I now have a reason for all those emails.

46:30 - Jim Huffman Nice. Yeah. So you want to ramp up the email list and then start activating. I mean, this I'm so I love seeing this playbook in action. This fires me up for what we can do if we can crack the code on the offer, which we will.

46:42 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And Sue, like, you know, Sue, it's a mixed bag, but like in terms of like talking to camera, she's been doing it for so long that she does feel pretty human when she's doing it. And she's good.

46:54 - Jim Huffman I watch some of her stuff. She's very engaging. Yeah.

46:57 - Craig Swanson And we also still try to get a live audience in front of whenever it's possible, because she shows up more human. Like, she still doesn't laugh. She still doesn't smile. She still doesn't look like she is enjoying talking to a human being, unless there's human beings there.

47:09 - Jim Huffman Yes, that makes sense.

47:10 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

47:12 - Craig Swanson But we are up to... Oh, this is us. Let me switch.

47:34 - Craig Swanson So we are up to 16,000 emails for reference. I think like when I first showed it to you, we were at 8,000 and we are right now at the stage where we are doing a like So we're adding about 400 emails per day. And so what's happening right now is like, so I have, I am bumping up, I am bumping up the amount we're spending. And right now we're doing $1,000 a day Can I see the ad that's working yeah, so here I'm gonna go ahead and First of all, just in terms of like who we're targeting. We're targeting worldwide.

48:12 - Jim Huffman Oh, wow. How much are us versus non us?

48:16 - Craig Swanson Um, you know what? I'm not actually running those anymore. So now I've just switched over. I'm now just doing worldwide.

48:20 - Jim Huffman Okay, um Worldwide, but I mean like of the worldwide how many are in US first like India Oh, well, so first of all, it's not really worldwide.

48:32 - Craig Swanson So the first thing I'll show you is, let's see if I can just edit this.

48:40 - Craig Swanson I'm going to discard the draft, but I'll just show you my shorthand on how I do this. Let me think about this, how I can do this. I basically do select all countries, and then regions, I unselect emerging markets.

49:00 - Jim Huffman Gotcha.

49:01 - Craig Swanson So that takes out India and all these others. That's my shorthand version. A friend of mine calls it the racist marketing button. For sure. Basically, just unselect all of these countries that if a racist were going to unselect them, that's what they would do.

49:22 - Jim Huffman My only concern is like that $300 product how that looks to certain international demos and maybe that's a better conversion I know CPMs are better. But um, but anyway, I think this is very interesting.

49:35 - Craig Swanson Well, and part of it is we're optimizing for sales.

49:38 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Yeah.

49:39 - Craig Swanson And so, and also within any country, like I'm, so just from experience of like selling soup rice, there's a bunch of things that have to happen. They have to use credit cards, which not all countries do. They have to be willing to pay in United States dollars. That price point has to be in alignment with what they do. And in practice, if we go to breakdown and we go breakdown by geography, And I focus on, let's go look at purchases.

50:15 - Craig Swanson You know, not United States is getting about half United Kingdom. I mean, so if you just look at where the conversions are, you know, it's going to be that standard set. And if we look at where the money is going, uh, amount spent.

50:30 - Jim Huffman Okay.

50:31 - Craig Swanson You know, United States, Australia, Canada, UK. Yeah, exactly where I would have targeted. I probably would have put New Zealand and I like the standards for me are always, you know, United, you know, United States, Australia, Canada, UK, and then I don't know about Italy and all that. But you also notice I'm not spending a bunch of money on on India or like India is not even in here.

50:55 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

50:56 - Jim Huffman Ivory Coast. Yeah. OK. Very cool.

50:59 - Craig Swanson Yep. Um, and then within this, the one thing I did do is I'm doing the exclude list. So I'm excluding anyone's already on my marketing list because what was happening is we were really getting, we were getting a high frequency hit, uh, because effectively, um, when you just let Facebook just kind of like market, It's basically it's just doing a lot of remarketing. And so I, I set this so that, um, we're only using a portion of the budget for the Facebook wide open stuff. And then basically everything else is going, we're excluding people we've already got.

51:34 - Jim Huffman Yeah. New customer acquisition. Okay. Nice. And then what's the creative for new customer acquisition?

51:39 - Craig Swanson Let's go take a look.

51:45 - Craig Swanson And, uh, let's, let's, let's sort by leads.

51:49 - Jim Huffman Wow, it's just that still is the top, that's amazing. Well, I guess the second one is a video. Let's see. Oh, yeah, the video drew, wait, let's see which one drew volume. Okay, but still did, wow.

52:03 - Craig Swanson Which I kind of love, actually, if you look at it, that is, so there are three giveaways are the eight ways creators make money, the time plates, and then the three by three. And if you look at it, I mean, that's kind of like just the repeating pattern we've got for this.

52:18 - Jim Huffman Well, will you hit preview I want to take a look at that a1 again Wow Take a screenshot Okay, nice I Mean what you know, it seems to be working.

52:37 - Craig Swanson I mean like it's got nice type free PDF. It's got a lot of engagement So we also did a lot of engagement The one thing that I've been doing a lot of in here. You know what? We're going to, we're going to, that is someone.

53:08 - Craig Swanson You know what, that is, I'm going to check with Sue and make sure that's not true. That feels like someone that is like, I'm going to block them. Um, yeah.

53:21 - Jim Huffman Oh, wow. What a, what a move right there. She got two likes on it.

53:25 - Craig Swanson Yep.

53:28 - Craig Swanson So I'm going to go through, I need to go through and like, just do a little bit of cleanup on the commentary. Um, but I also like, even when there's complaints, the ones that get a lot of engagement also tend to do better.

53:38 - Jim Huffman I know, right? That's funny.

53:43 - Craig Swanson And yeah, so that's where we are. So my goal, my goal for this for September. Well, no, not goal. My aspirational, my aspirational target or dream or thing is basically I'd like to break a half million dollars in sales on this September with $200,000 spent on Facebook ad. So effectively, I want to Um, I'd like to have a hundred thou I'd like to get to a hundred thousand people, email list, half million dollar top line, $200,000 spent on advertising. Yeah.

54:19 - Craig Swanson Um, I don't know if that's realistically realistic or not, but, um, uh, but that's, that's a goal.

54:26 - Jim Huffman Yeah. You've done it before. I like that. Um, you're making some money off of the lead magnet essentially. And then like all leading up to that big event, which I think you're kind of showing the path forward. And then for the stuff we're working on, it's like how we can do that. Cause that, that's the playbook.

54:42 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And I think the trick here is, like, we're still, you and I are still in, like, barely in phase one. Like, we are trying to find the things that people will click on and get to us. And then we'll craft around, like, the people like that. So, and then let me just show you the one other thing. This is the email that's going out on Thursday. So the email that goes out Thursday is this.

55:14 - Craig Swanson And it is relatively straightforward, focused on basically the event. Click through, you get that. And then we've got days. And from my experience, what I want to start doing is I basically, if I were spending $10,000 a day for the next 40 days, basically I'm going to keep ramping up as much as I can. Yeah, and now that this is in play I'm gonna be really pushing probably I'm not gonna go much above a thousand until I'm real as positive but The way I always describe it is there's a static electricity built up. Is a 41 really terrible countdown clock for immediate purchase. But what ends up happening is we're going to be emailing the list two times a week for the next 41 days. And when you see that countdown clock communicated reliably over 41 days, and it gets down to three days, and it gets down to two days, if you've been engaging in those emails, that is when the spike happens.

56:21 - Jim Huffman Totally. Yeah, the final hours, final days. That's very cool.

56:28 - Jim Huffman I love this. I'm really excited to see this play out, especially seeing how you guys were spending and now you're spending $1,000 per day. Yeah, very cool.

56:39 - Craig Swanson The one thing I love is I love seeing what you're doing with T-shirts because as you're going, I'm both thinking what I would do if I didn't have any physical goods. The physical goods is something I don't really understand.

56:51 - Jim Huffman Yeah, me either.

56:52 - Craig Swanson But I will say, if you're communicating really clearly ahead of time that it is a pre-order with an expectation it's not going to be delivered until October, you can almost treat it like physical goods or like a digital good. And if you are doing that, what do you have to know? What would I have to know in your shoes where I could be spending $1,000 a day or $10,000 a day? Yeah.

57:21 - Jim Huffman I don't know. I was kind of messaging with, I think we're about to start increasing it probably 10 15% per day and just keep going. And then once it gets below, probably even a two row ads is when we'll sit like, okay, let's, let's reassess. But it's also, it's kind of peak season right now. So it's, it's demand capture season in my mind.

57:45 - Craig Swanson That is the one. Okay. So that's one thing you're not doing is you're not capturing those people.

57:50 - Jim Huffman Oh, from like an email perspective.

57:52 - Craig Swanson Yeah. I mean, cause the other thing I'm doing is like, I am, I am getting, so I'm getting, I'm getting what I'm getting, like five, I'm getting five to 10 conversions per day, but I'm getting 500 emails per day.

58:03 - Jim Huffman Yeah. That is the, that's yeah. That's interesting.

58:07 - Craig Swanson And then I've, and then I'm emailing them twice a week leading up to this thing with a deadline.

58:12 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

58:13 - Jim Huffman Um, if I go to need apparel, need apparel.

58:19 - Jim Huffman No, So it's like, it could be a symbol. Like, be the first to know when. Oh, you know what I would do? Oh.

58:41 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

58:47 - Craig Swanson Do this. Or here's what I would do. Here's what I would do.

58:55 - Craig Swanson Let me find one Have a pop-up that offers that gives that like want 10% or like 120% off your first purchase with a coupon code and it pops up for every single visitor and We, we have, you know, we,

59:17 - Jim Huffman you know, we could go that route for sure. I'm even thinking of experimenting with, cause we had that and so many people were using the discount. We're like, let's pull it down and see if they'll buy it just without a discount. Cause it was hurting margins. Um, but, um, a part of me is like, we're selling it like crazy, but then we get like early access, but that might not be enough. But yeah, I, um, I think it's that spectrum of, how much we want to give away versus play the urgency scarcity model.

59:45 - Craig Swanson The only thing in terms of my thought process, my thought process is right now I am trying to get my mailing list. I'm paying $1,000 a day And I wouldn't be paying $1,000 a day for five to 10 purchases. It wouldn't be worth it, even if it were ROAS. But I'm getting 500 emails a day. And so the thing is, it would be cleaner, and I would get more sales, and I'd have more money in the bank today if my path was add Conversion, but what I'm doing is add email capture conversion totally and the reason I'm doing add email conversion is because is because of this is because like, you know, it's a 16,000 and I want it to be a hundred thousand by the time I end this thing and if I can't get it to a hundred thousand Then I don't have like and so you really are at a place and then you have another tricky part which is I I value you as a human being. I love you. I love your shirts. I'm not sure that I need to have information about your shirts on a regular basis.

1:00:57 - Jim Huffman That's the thing. It's not like an e-product where you can get free content. It's like, what's the real incentive for the email? It's trying to wrap your head around that. I'm gonna have to go to a sales call at two o'clock, but Yeah, this is super exciting what you're doing. It's to Bryce man. This is very cool I'm like beyond motivated and fired up. But yeah, if you send me those scripts, I'm gonna be cranking away on it I'm even thinking through other ad creative to get you but you know, no man, this is fun And then yeah, you go to your sales

1:01:27 - Craig Swanson meeting. I'll get your stuff.

1:01:28 - Jim Huffman Okay, cool. See great