Zoom Meeting 
Wed. Jun 19, 2024

0:56 - Unidentified Speaker Now you.

2:34 - Jim Huffman Craig, what's up? Hey, how are you doing, sir? Yeah, this is the meeting I've been looking forward to. How are you doing? Congrats on graduation. Thank you.

2:44 - Craig Swanson Yeah, he's launched. I guess we get to see what happens next. Yeah, let's see the ROI on all this parenting.

2:55 - Jim Huffman thing, right? Where, let's see the- I wouldn't mind that.

2:58 - Jim Huffman I wouldn't mind having the, what's the equivalent of a sugar, so you got a sugar daddy, a sugar mama, what's a sugar son? That feels a little bit wrong. Right? Yeah.

3:06 - Jim Huffman Can they like become an influencer or an athlete or make a unicorn so you can like fly private or something? Yeah. That would be great.

3:15 - Craig Swanson That would be great.

3:19 - Jim Huffman What a win. What a win. Nice, man. Well, cool. Well, so you got back today or yesterday? Got back yesterday.

3:30 - Craig Swanson Got back yesterday. So I'm kind of, yeah, I'm resettling in and getting everything else figured out. Yeah. And I'm working on EO stuff. So I actually want to like, we're going to see where this goes. I think what we're going to cover is also going to cover your talk for EO at the same time. So I think I'm going to get a twofer in this one. Oh, perfect.

3:49 - Unidentified Speaker Perfect.

3:49 - Jim Huffman Well, I set a little bit of an agenda.

3:53 - Craig Swanson I'll pull up for a second.

3:57 - Jim Huffman I've been doing a bunch of, so anyway, I have, I'm ready to make both courses. I'll show you the work that I've done. I mean, I'm gonna do it anyway. So I'm just putting that out there. I love the Sue Bryce funnel you made. I even sent it to Jonathan, I was like, we should just make this a service, like what you did. So if you want to spin up an agency and as a Don in my forum, Adam calls it if you want to make dirty money, come to the service side, because I won't disclose the financials, but we were showing P&L and he was showing his tech income and then his service income. And he's like, of course, we call it dirty money. And Adam and I were very offended because I made dirty money. But anyway, long winded way of like your funnel that anyway, if you want to make lower margin money, you should sell that. So I actually I think there might be something there.

4:56 - Craig Swanson There might be something there. And I don't know, I would not be opposed to some dirty money either, because it's funny, like you showed that we kind of do that for clients because we run ads, we stand up.

5:10 - Jim Huffman with some lead magnets, but like yours were just really like almost formulaic, but in a beautiful way that that was really nice. So anyway, actually, you know what?

5:22 - Craig Swanson I mean, keep going, because actually, because you do do this, you do do this.

5:25 - Jim Huffman So I mean, we do it in in like such a dumb, custom bespoke way where it's like, just make a simple page with like a form to get the lead magnet and then send them to the E product. Like I love how there's nothing below the fold. It's not like some huge landing page overhaul. It's just an attention ratio of one to one. And that's it. And the simplicity of it is why it was so amazing. And where Jonathan and I are just like so into the like, we're so deep. Works too deep to make the most complicated funnel ever. You should see this funnel we made for someone. It's like 12 steps. It's amazing, but it's insane.

6:14 - Craig Swanson Honestly, that's what I've said. You're spinning it as a benefit, which I think there is a benefit to it, but also I've also framed it as an inability. Is it a bug or a feature?

6:26 - Jim Huffman Exactly. It's both.

6:28 - Craig Swanson Effectively, it just leans on the offer. If the offer isn't enough to do the work, then what the hell are we doing with the rest of the page?

6:34 - Jim Huffman yes exactly and so I I love that it's like go to the next step or get off the page because yeah it was beautiful so anyway that really You kind of had me thinking on the, the ads, as far as like, do we just drive them to the lead magnet and then push them to the, the E product? So with that in mind, I was thinking through what are the lead magnets, right?

7:01 - Craig Swanson Um, so first of all, let's, let's actually, let's lean into like formulaic. Yes.

7:06 - Jim Huffman Um, every one of those lead magnets done, right.

7:10 - Craig Swanson Is also a download on the product page when you sell it to them. Yes.

7:13 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah. Yeah.

7:14 - Jim Huffman Right. Yeah.

7:16 - Craig Swanson So, and I don't, I don't think we ever set out to do three of them. We set out to do one. Yeah. Tell me about that.

7:24 - Jim Huffman Like, I thought that was intentional. Like, oh, I always test three and that's the approach.

7:29 - Craig Swanson We did one. So the idea is to do several, but we kind of started with one. We started with one. It wasn't really hitting traction. The one we started out on was the eight ways creatives can make money. And it didn't really connect. It wasn't very well designed. So like that, that became the second round. So basically we did a second round of that. Um, and, uh, then the ad started to connect and then we basically said, okay, now we've got this. We saw in our ad history that one of our ads was like getting just massive click through. Um, but no, but no, but not clicking through to anything. Like we're getting no results, no sales, but a ton of click through. And we basically said, let's do a lead magnet on that topic. So the one that you saw that was, which I actually think we need to go back and like rework the, some of the wording, the, um, the time, the time, it's a time template. And we, we like use that mashup term time. Splate time splint. It's actually, it's a, it's a, it's a terrible day. It's like, it's a time template and we like merge the two words together. Yeah.

8:42 - Jim Huffman Um, no, I, yeah. Wait, which one's performing the best out of these?

8:47 - Craig Swanson Actually, let me let me let me share my screen.

8:49 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

8:52 - Craig Swanson So short version. Absolutely. Absolutely. Let's let's like steal from this.

8:57 - Jim Huffman By the way, as we sit here twiddling our thumbs, it's not significant, but I'm getting a few more sales of the growth marketing operating system doing nothing. You know what I mean?

9:08 - Craig Swanson There is something to be said for doing nothing. Literally not marketing.

9:11 - Jim Huffman It's just like, oh, I'm like, how did they find this?

9:14 - Craig Swanson You know, you're talking about a little bit online.

9:17 - Unidentified Speaker Yes. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

9:18 - Jim Huffman You know, that's a good point. I mentioned it on LinkedIn. Yeah.

9:21 - Craig Swanson Uh, let's see here. So Sue Bryce, let me go last 14 days.

9:33 - Jim Huffman What's your cost per wait for, for how many leads? Six 93. What's your cost per lead right now?

9:42 - Craig Swanson That's probably about two bucks. Nice. And I have, I have noticed this starting to creep up a little bit. I'm trying, I'm doing a little bit of trying to decide whether I want to start to put some type of limiting factor on that. I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know like at what point I start to worry about that. So overall, if you just look at raw leads. That actually what's happened is basically it is like been shifting Almost every other like it's been shifting over time and like one or massively over performing the two days later so if you look at the top three are actually like the top three so I kind of dig that Nice and sorry, what's your structure?

10:22 - Jim Huffman How are you testing is what's the campaign setup?

10:28 - Craig Swanson About as, about as dull as you can get. Nice. So we have two, one is a lookalike audience us only, um, based on people who have purchased a course. So lookalike audience based on purchasers, excluding, excluding anybody that's currently in our marketing list. Nice. Yeah. That's one. And then the other is just open, like, like it is just.

10:58 - Jim Huffman And if you speak to Jordan and our team, she'd be like, don't do lookalikes. It's all open and letting the, like letting your copy and creative figure out the audience for you. But so yeah, very cool. So, I mean, here's the thing.

11:13 - Craig Swanson I hear Jordan believe Jordan at the same time, kind of don't believe Jordan. So I tend to like, basically this is to satisfy me, but it's in the same account as the one that's open. And you can see that basically the open is just being overspent. Yes.

11:27 - Unidentified Speaker Okay. Yeah.

11:30 - Craig Swanson Very cool.

11:31 - Jim Huffman So they're going into Klaviyo and you have an email drip sequence already in place for all of those or no?

11:39 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

11:39 - Craig Swanson So here, let's take you through one. So I do the three by three.

11:43 - Jim Huffman I download. I'm in your CRM.

11:48 - Craig Swanson Which one is? I think three by three. So let me just do the three by three. I don't need to go in here. Let's just go into Klaviyo.

11:57 - Craig Swanson So did you go through the check? You went through the checkout process, right? So you, um, you signed up, you got on the email list, um, and then it redirected you to the sales page.

12:06 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

12:06 - Jim Huffman And I, I was, I was in love.

12:10 - Craig Swanson So the way we do it is we have the signup forms. So we have the three signup forms. If I go to lead, And there's probably a more efficient way to do this. But right now, we've got the time plates, the eight ways to monetize and three by three brand. Visually, they don't look any different because they're just that sign up form. But it's just we are just tagging them with what they're signing up for. And I think there's probably a way to make that more efficient. Yeah. And then I have this one, which is the the confirmation. So basically what I'm doing is I'm going to a special confirmation and this pop up. All it does is basically show you special offer just for you. Gotcha. And this throws you to the product page.

12:54 - Jim Huffman Exactly.

12:55 - Craig Swanson Gotcha. And so all three of them, three of that same product page after doing that. Okay. Um, and then the flows look like this, uh, free download. Let's see which one.

13:13 - Craig Swanson So the first one for this, your brand guide, you know, your brand is available. Um, Where's my preview?

13:31 - Craig Swanson Here's your link. Taking the first step with this, Explore Content Curator. We're not even really pushing. I'm a little bit like, I need to push harder. I'll be honest, there's something that's keeping me back from pushing harder on this, and I don't know if I can articulate it.

13:52 - Craig Swanson And then this is the second one that we follow up after two hours.

14:02 - Craig Swanson Nice. Which gives a little more detail. You've just unlocked the brand guy. Here's the download link again. And then basically this. Awesome.

14:12 - Craig Swanson And then I have a series of flows in here that I haven't turned on yet. And I'm actually trying to figure out the best way to do it because I'm thinking about what we need to do is basically after these first two responses, use a generic flow for the remaining ones.

14:29 - Jim Huffman So talk, so you're getting the leads.

14:30 - Jim Huffman They're in the flows. Um, when do you kind of go, you guys like got 400, like nice flows coming in cost effective ish, right? When are you flipping it's like, okay, it's time to convert. We do a whole launch strategy, email sequence leading up to the live courses.

14:53 - Craig Swanson What we're doing right now. So we meet every leads. Do you want, Um, I would like, okay, so there's different thresholds. I'd like to get So let's just start with that 12,000. Once I get to 12,000, I can do. Um, more time aware sequences. Like there's just like, there's certain things that unlock once I get more than 12,000, are you down to spend 24,000 to get to 12,000?

15:16 - Jim Huffman If it's $2 lead.

15:26 - Craig Swanson Not, no, not until, not until we're actually making money on that. And it's not $2 per lead yet. So right now, like we've made $800 on this. So.

15:36 - Jim Huffman Amazing, you're making money as you're getting leads.

15:38 - Craig Swanson Well, we're making money while we get leads. So that's the whole thing, but we're not making more than we're spending. So for me, for me, that is basically the calculus I'm looking for.

15:49 - Craig Swanson So you asked, would I spend $24,000? No, I wouldn't spend $24,000 in absence of some income coming in.

15:56 - Jim Huffman Sorry to interrupt. Would you ever go for the jugular and not do the lead magnet? Do you do that as experiments as well?

16:06 - Craig Swanson That's what I prefer to do, which I'm kind of doing now. So rather than doing the lead magnet. All right, so let me just articulate what I'm hearing you ask. Go for the jugular, you mean basically ask for the order instead of giving them something free and then asking for the order. Correct, yeah.

16:27 - Unidentified Speaker That is my preference.

16:29 - Craig Swanson In a perfect world, what I'd rather do is I'd rather do a whole bunch of ads that are selling them something for $19, or between $19 and $99, and basically doing that. So let me show you what that sequence looks like, that's very helpful. So in a perfect world, what I'd like to do is I'd like to be able to spend a million dollars on ads selling a $19 to $99 e-product. And I would like to give almost all of that million dollars to Facebook. And what I would like out of that is basically to have spent a million dollars on lead acquisition that covers itself and its lead acquisition with credit cards.

17:17 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

17:19 - Craig Swanson In practice, I have had that.

17:24 - Craig Swanson Probably, I mean, I've had that combination of offer, market opportunity, everything else. I've had that before. I've had that before probably like three or four times in different years. But I kind of like see that as the holy grail. Like that is not something I know how, it's something that takes testing and engineering and some luck. I can't always go straight to that. So I will usually try that. And then in lieu of that, then something else. So in this case, what we're doing is we're basically going for the lead magnet. And then if I can just get enough conversions from the lead magnet in the cycle that I can basically get my money back, I could do the same thing. I mean, I'd be happy spending a million dollars on lead magnets as well.

18:06 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

18:07 - Jim Huffman So your options are go for the jugular, sell the tripwire product $19 to $99, or do a lead magnet.

18:14 - Craig Swanson Oh, you know what? The juggler is a full thing. I don't think I actually don't think I'd ever go for the jugular, which is like the expensive thing at.

18:23 - Craig Swanson Yeah, I don't need to like sell something expensive. Would you define expensive?

18:28 - Jim Huffman What's the the bands you would say?

18:33 - Craig Swanson Non trivial for the buyer, so I'm going to say above. Okay, thank you.

18:39 - Jim Huffman It's somewhat arbitrary.

18:42 - Craig Swanson My arbitrary number is based on the market.

18:46 - Craig Swanson I consider a tripwire or a non-expensive thing to be something that is in my market's comfort zone of spending just a signal to themselves they value something. So where they are okay spending it, and even if they get nothing out of it, they're still okay. Okay, love it. And it's not so much that I don't want to give them anything. It's just that I don't want to have to overly convince them. I want to basically be in that sweet spot where they are basically spending money based on their need, not based on their really intellectual deep dive about whether that's going to provide a solution. Gotcha.

19:30 - Craig Swanson And then ideally, ideally we end up getting, that's where we end up getting our audience, and it's a quicker way to build audience than doing it organically. So we can still do all the organic audience generation, but if we can spend a million dollars acquiring customers, and you're able to create some type of connection with them, then you're able to just speed up your acquisition of people.

19:54 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha, okay.

19:56 - Jim Huffman Very, very, very helpful.

19:59 - Craig Swanson Let me show you, let me share the whole screen here. Let me think about where I can find this.

20:23 - Craig Swanson Value sale.

20:31 - Craig Swanson All right, so here is a $19 purchase or $199 product. And I don't know if you saw this, do you see this rolled in? Love it, want this for 19?

20:48 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Mm-hm.

20:50 - Craig Swanson And that was holding off on a couple of seconds. I actually need to clean this up a little bit. If I say yes, then enter your email.

20:59 - Jim Huffman Jeez, yeah, it's like a no brainer, yeah.

21:02 - Unidentified Speaker Craig plus.

21:04 - Craig Swanson June 19th.

21:10 - Craig Swanson This just so. Because I end up creating a whole bunch of emails in my account. When I click get the $19 special offer.

21:22 - Craig Swanson It redirects me to a page with a $19 special offer. And I don't know if people are immediately aware that they got redirected to a special page or they just see this. I could also put a pop-up or something else like that. And I do that because if I can get this working, this is the thing where if I can get this tripwire to cover itself. Then I get both the benefit of all those leads from the people purchasing, but I also get all those people who had a bit of a, a purchase intent along the way.

21:53 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

21:57 - Craig Swanson I used to, like I did this with Sue Bryce, just a ton. I don't feel like this one's dialed in like this one. I don't, This is, it's funny, I've sold self-value. Self-value as a thing is something that's like always core to the stuff I'm selling. But when you take away the mechanical thing that someone wants in their life and you just talk about self-value, I haven't found the, I haven't found the path to it being like a super clear offer.

22:22 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

22:26 - Jim Huffman I love this. I'm just thinking through my head, what are the products to do at these different points of like lead magnet versus this tripwire product versus the big one? Because you have the formula and the playbook on how we deploy this. It's more of sliding into the right things and how we test those things.

22:46 - Craig Swanson So for you, so from, okay, so first of all, you can do just a cheat sheet. So like on some level, you don't need to put that much into the PDF, but it should be well-designed. I'd say it should be well-designed. Yeah, that's why those are your lead magnets.

23:01 - Jim Huffman Like they're simple, but well-designed. Yeah.

23:04 - Craig Swanson I think that if we did a lead magnet on, is my company ready to scale? Or something like that. It's almost like the first step you did is you had a series of questions and results that basically is my configuration.

23:18 - Craig Swanson I think I have something awesome that will be perfect for that. We need to design it the right way. So, okay, that's game on.

23:29 - Craig Swanson And then to some degree, I also just do a lot of ad generation and then the ads that people are responding to may sometimes reveal, oh, we need a lead magnet for that.

23:46 - Craig Swanson I would say if I was looking at repeating recipes, yeah Yeah, I'll go to this one Sound healers I Do a lot of simple offering that is then basically email capture to get into what they want to do. Yeah. Um, and I also wonder if like, if I might be limiting, like I might be like leaning into older people, like younger people don't do that much with email. And I'm not really sure what lists to do with younger people other than email. Maybe you could do the same mechanism with text. You have to be a little more respectful of what you do next.

24:30 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

24:31 - Jim Huffman Um, I mean, that's interesting thought. I mean, I, I'm down to go with like, Email and if we see some issues or friction, we could we could rethink it. But Yeah, I don't know the the anyway, I don't think the personas are like super young towards like we need to rethink distribution. Yeah.

24:52 - Craig Swanson Also, for what you're selling. I mean, maybe email is outdated, but these are all business people. I mean, like, like, you know, these people like have to have email. Yes, exactly.

25:05 - Craig Swanson You know, I look at what my I look at my son's behavior and I don't know if I were selling like, you know If I were selling apparel to kids, I don't know what I would do Yeah, but right now I'm not so Okay, this is super interesting.

25:25 - Jim Huffman So let me pull my agenda up. I'm thinking through what are the steps forward? Because it's like we need to figure out how we test the content and audience that will work and scale. Because I'm kind of obsessed now with these three options, how can we prove this out?

25:50 - Craig Swanson Specifically, like potentially I don't think you're at a place for the tripwire product. So here's what I'd do with the tripwire product. For me, the tripwire product would be, actually, you know what the tripwire, so let's say, I'm just gonna hypothesize out. Let's say that the, uh, are you pronouncing GMOS? Like, like how do you print Jomas? Like, is there a way that we say that?

26:17 - Craig Swanson I've never said it as a word. I say growth marketing operating system, but we should probably come up with something less wordy. We'll just, we'll just call it the system. Yeah. The system.

26:26 - Craig Swanson So let's say that the system proved out as a really valuable, bigger thing. It's like, it's like the big expensive thing. Yes.

26:34 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

26:34 - Craig Swanson Okay.

26:36 - Craig Swanson The sold-out playbook ideally is a product we could sell for $3.99. It's priced $9.99. We're selling it for $3.99, something like that. But if it turns out that GMOS is really the big thing, we might try to reprice, after we've got it recorded, after we've got the initial money from everybody for the sold-out playbook, one strategy is to go back and look at it and say, okay, how do we get that thing down in price to where we can get it to be an easy first purchase from someone off a cold ad?

27:18 - Craig Swanson And sometimes like, I mean, this is a little bit, this is where pricing becomes a struggle. It could be a really big valuable thing. It could be a thing that standalone legitimately feels like 699. And if you can legitimately sell that for 999 for $99, off a sequence that is doing an email collection. And we've got the offer after that, which really converts. That could be the strategy to really building your list. So I'm not opposed to giving something away, but it's pretty valuable in that lower price point range if we've got other things in the queue.

27:55 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

27:56 - Jim Huffman That's the thing. The GMOS can be real meaty. There can be a lot there. I was planning out all the different modules or wanting to record this. There's a lot there. This is GMOS and all the modules. As I'm looking at the sold out playbook. I couldn't make it meteor if we want to be the big thing, but there's also connection and overlap where, yeah, they could be connected. We can make this that trip wire and I'm definitely down for experimentation on pricing. And then this could be the bigger thing.

28:30 - Craig Swanson Yeah, I I think.

28:36 - Craig Swanson At that range, as In the course world, there's some really great examples of people that sell things in that price point range and basically how you build courses.

28:49 - Craig Swanson I think of our serving a need where people are not trying to learn, they're trying to solve a problem, they're not trying to acquire a new skill.

29:00 - Craig Swanson The new skill may be a benefit of solving the problem, but there's actually a benefit to a shorter path to solving the skill if the system really works.

29:14 - Unidentified Speaker Say that one more time.

29:18 - Craig Swanson If we have a system that really does solve a problem, and that problem is I need to get to market quickly and sell stuff. Yeah. Um, there is a strategy to basically give them so much stuff that feels like the volume of stuff is incredibly valuable. And then there's also a approach where you basically give them the least amount of stuff necessary for them to get the end result they want, but be able to, but have a pretty good track record on that end result working for people.

29:51 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

29:52 - Jim Huffman Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kind of two approaches. Um, The first one feels a little bit more risk-free because it's not dependent on the result. It's just like, wow, they're hitting you with all these things to help me solve this problem.

30:11 - Craig Swanson Is there any party that just knows how hard that result is to get?

30:14 - Jim Huffman And so therefore, um, I think I have an unfair advantage of that need to actually solve the real problem. A lot of people do must-have products. Or I'm sorry, they're selling vitamins, not painkillers. And for a specific audience, it is a painkiller. So yeah, that's what I'm thinking through.

30:32 - Craig Swanson I was also thinking that maybe one of the steps is to find the painkiller.

30:37 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

30:38 - Jim Huffman And that's, um, that's part of like, I'm calling it the, uh, the growth physical of like the core questions to ask. Um, yeah. Like, do you have a nice have or must to have or a painkiller or a vitamin? Right.

30:54 - Craig Swanson Um, so yeah.

30:57 - Jim Huffman Actually here, wait, wait, wait.

30:58 - Craig Swanson Why isn't your company growing that right there? That could be the, uh, the, um, be a really fantastic digital, um, digital giveaway. Can you, can you follow that up with, um, three pages? Oh my gosh.

31:17 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

31:18 - Jim Huffman Um, and like, here's how you diagnose, like, do you have a positioning? It's not growing because of positioning. And if so, you diagnose it with these two things. It's not growing because of traffic diagnosis with this or conversion or fulfillment, like what's really blocking growth. Right.

31:35 - Craig Swanson Do you talk about this anywhere? Because literally, that right there, in that graphic right there, why isn't your company growing? What's blocking your growth? Positioning problem, traffic problem, conversion problem. That whole graphic.

31:53 - Craig Swanson Um, it feels like you're giving away everything, but if there's a link to a free PDF that then has like, you know, 300 to 500 words on each of those topics with maybe. Okay. So, so first of all, just the PDF, PDF bank, we could stand that up and just go.

32:16 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and I could be like, here's the questions to figure out if why your company isn't growing, like a do it yourself assessment assessment.

32:25 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, that's super easy.

32:34 - Craig Swanson Yeah. And I'm just trying to think here how you'd convert that. So basically, just like your own internal stuff, like who created that graphic?

32:46 - Jim Huffman Anastasia So she I was actually gonna ask you the same thing around your graphics and creative like who's doing all that stuff Because I'm thinking through speed like So she did all these kind of graphics here, right And this

33:10 - Craig Swanson is in Sigma obviously, mm-hmm I like that. And she's even got them like, so they can be used in different, uh, so it's the same thing in different formats. Yeah.

33:21 - Jim Huffman And she, she, she's amazing. We need, if I had 10 Anastasia, oh my gosh. Um, so yeah. How swamped is she and how responsive is she?

33:30 - Craig Swanson So we've got, um, we've got, I've got someone, her name is Jim. She actually, she runs what is, what's it called? She's an ADHD coach for photographers. Um, and has a small crew of people that basically do customer service and, um, and like content creation. And I think that she has a designer, it's like, I don't need to know who all she uses. But basically, we throw our stuff like this and she just kind of goes through and creates it. And she uses, she's one of the few people that like uses the tool I built. So the same tool. So she uses that tool I built to basically pull the content out of stuff that Sue teaches and basically like use that as a starting place. Yeah. I'll be honest.

34:16 - Jim Huffman I've been very impressed with the content you put out there because it looks high quality and professional, but very simple. You know what I mean? So I'm, um, I'm, I'm down to flex accordingly. We could like use Anastasia for things. We can do, do a little bit of both. Right. Um, she, she is quite busy, so I just have to give her some lead time. But the thing about her, I throw her something. She, she crushes it. We have other designers that are good, but the first design you have to hold their hand. You know what I mean? To be like, here's exactly what I'm thinking. Anastasia, she like gets in your head. She already knows.

34:50 - Craig Swanson So if we did this, like if we basically, so, okay, so right now let's, Let's just look at this, this one, this one thing right here. Why isn't your company grow? And by the way, I'm kind of picking that somewhat arbitrarily, but this feels like a really, my original one, I said that I thought it'd be a good, a good lead would basically be the test to see if your company can grow. And you've just phrased it as a negative, which is even better. Is it better?

35:14 - Jim Huffman Cause let me pull up. Cause that's cause you brought that up as the sold out playbook. Here it is, this one, how to validate if your company is ready to grow. Yeah, so making it, yeah, what do you like better, the negative connotation of the, why isn't your company growing?

35:35 - Jim Huffman I like that for the free, so I like the negative connotation for the free giveaway.

35:42 - Craig Swanson And then this one feels like, this feels like the first stage, of course, this feels like a one-hour clinic.

35:49 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah. Mm-hmm.

35:52 - Jim Huffman So we can, OK, I'm just.

36:01 - Jim Huffman So that's that could be the one big action is like making this lead magnet, correct?

36:08 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

36:12 - Craig Swanson By the way, for those.

36:16 - Craig Swanson That when you were just on, how does that do in terms of response, like I've seen you post that graphic before, how does that graphic do?

36:23 - Jim Huffman Honestly, it's the neat stuff absolutely performs the best or if I do a photo of myself like 5x and everything People want stories This stuff is very hit-or-miss to be honest.

36:36 - Craig Swanson It doesn't have the best engagement So, yeah The only thing I might throw throwing on there, you know So I also threw the bug that says free PDF and it's got the PDF icon Yeah And this is like, this

36:51 - Jim Huffman is kind of more for almost like, not top of funnel purposes, this is like something I'd put in a book or something. But yeah, I think this could be dolled up to be a little bit more engaging and clickable, if you will.

37:11 - Jim Huffman So I mean, one thing, so make a lead magnet for this, that could be one action item. Can you go back to the Figma offers?

37:32 - Craig Swanson What are you currently doing with all this stuff?

37:36 - Jim Huffman Good question. I'm using it for slow promotion of the growth marketing operating system and for Little talks that I'm doing because I am I have these ideas and I feel like if they're visualized people don't Understand them. So I'm trying just visualize ideas a little bit better Can you share that with me yeah It's Craig at Craig Swanson org If I view, can I basically get the stuff to be used?

38:20 - Craig Swanson Because one thing we could do.

38:21 - Jim Huffman I put edit access on there, so that gives you everything.

38:27 - Craig Swanson One thing we could do is we could basically spin up a bunch of ads and just see which ones get the click to start with.

38:35 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, for sure.

38:36 - Jim Huffman And then use that.

38:44 - Jim Huffman I mean, I worry like some of, maybe these could be good as ads if they have the right copy around it. Um, but yeah. Well, here's the thing.

38:51 - Craig Swanson I mean, that's the thing about, first of all, I don't know if I'd grab all of them. Yeah. And I might make a judgment as to which ones work or don't work.

38:59 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

39:00 - Jim Huffman But, um, Okay. Let's talk about this.

39:05 - Craig Swanson Well, let's because, okay. So here's what we could do. Here's what we could do.

39:13 - Craig Swanson Um, we could basically create a bunch of, so, so first of all, we can create just like some, some landing pages. Okay. So if we were going to use these and do a series of ads to test and we can test on whatever budget we want to test on, um, what, what platform, what channel would you use based on your kind of like experience and, um, what identity would we market under?

39:44 - Jim Huffman As far as platform, I mean, I think the best for storytelling is absolutely, um, meta Facebook, Instagram, um, for this, um, Google ads would be too expensive. LinkedIn. I don't think the, the ROI is there, um, could be wrong. Um, and as far as what identity, um, is it, what are the options, right? It's growth hit it's it's me, right? Those are the two options. So do you have a page under your name? Like a Facebook page? No.

40:17 - Jim Huffman Oh, no.

40:18 - Jim Huffman No, I just have the GrowthHit one.

40:21 - Craig Swanson If I go to GrowthHit, can you show me what you're doing in GrowthHit for Facebook right now? Oh, yeah. It's super minimal.

40:42 - Unidentified Speaker One second.

41:00 - Craig Swanson It looks like you've not been doing anything active on Facebook since about a year ago. As far as organic posts?

41:10 - Jim Huffman As far as organic posts. Yeah, is that my personal or business? Growth hit.

41:16 - Jim Huffman Gotcha. Yeah.

41:18 - Jim Huffman And we could kick that back up. So here's like loosely ads.

41:29 - Craig Swanson Can you go up to search and filter or did you just do that? I only want to see the ones that are active.

41:35 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah. Yeah.

41:36 - Jim Huffman Here are the ones that are active right now. And you're doing $5 a day.

41:42 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and this is just like very basic stuff.

41:49 - Jim Huffman So this is like one of our most popular pieces of content.

41:53 - Craig Swanson Three detailed checklist with 23 steps. Great.

41:58 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

41:59 - Jim Huffman And then this is really retargeting for people that become leads is really kind of like the main goal of this. And then where are the other ones?

42:12 - Unidentified Speaker Oh yeah, here we go.

42:14 - Jim Huffman Then here's one, how to create your growth plan, answer nine questions. And then looking at seven figures. So yeah.

42:31 - Jim Huffman So those are, yeah, this was like for the newsletter.

42:40 - Jim Huffman But really, we spend probably 7-8k per month on Google ads. That gets us really high intent leads. We haven't done much with social and this is kind of why I wanted to work with you, honestly. I know we need to be doing this and we just haven't had the right things to really market or push. So really, it's just free marketing.

43:02 - Craig Swanson And honestly, I wouldn't know how to spend. I actually don't know Google that well. So I tend to be interrupt marketing or lead creation or need generation as opposed to being the best competitor once they've decided they want something. Oh, yeah.

43:21 - Jim Huffman I mean, our Google ads, it's a knife fight out there. But I think I showed you our funnel that works. We make custom keyword campaigns for like, you want CRO, and then we drive you to our CRO page, and then we do lots of tests of this page. This is why I said I loved your funnel so much for, let me pull up this one right here. Anyway.

43:50 - Jim Huffman Anyway, oh yeah, here it is.

43:57 - Jim Huffman So we test like expose form, um, as a page for people typing CRN, we test type form, we test exposed Calendly. What's funny, this one still wins. It's beating this one. It's beating the exposed Calendly and this goes to a type form. Um, it costs, we got 10 leads last week at $120. Um, and those are usually about $12 per lead. Did I do that math right?

44:25 - Jim Huffman No, no $120 per lead.

44:28 - Jim Huffman And for you.

44:30 - Craig Swanson Like I just so crazy like we played such different streams. I couldn't. I mean I.

44:40 - Jim Huffman And then it costs us about 2500 to close the deal that will end up being 10K per month. Alright, alright, so I'm just gonna.

44:47 - Craig Swanson I'm just gonna like just.

44:51 - Craig Swanson Alright, if you said.

44:54 - Unidentified Speaker I'm doing lead capture.

44:55 - Craig Swanson Like if you, if you just told me getting new leads, got 10 leads, $120 lead in my world, that means that would translate to something be around. Like they purchased $120 like, like, like thing. Yes. Yeah. Um, And honestly, I think there may be something here. When I thought about, there's kind of this recurring, there's kind of this recurring conversation I find myself in.

45:31 - Craig Swanson The skill that you have for doing, for basically converting these things into higher ticket business relationships.

45:43 - Craig Swanson Is a skill that I've kind of written a story for myself that I don't know how to do anymore.

45:50 - Jim Huffman My gosh, I think like that's why I love what you're doing because like I can sell neat t-shirts I haven't really had to build too many like b2b funnels on social because usually it's You know other channels that we're using But we have an issue with top of funnel and that's also why I'm like so eager to get this going with us because I'm like one I think you and I can make some do some really cool big things with this, but like we said, the halo effect of growth hit, it's, it's just, it could be huge. And I I'm down to, if we want to use the growth at account, if we need to do the gym account, if we want to stand up a new one, I'm totally game. So, okay.

46:32 - Craig Swanson And actually this could actually be really helpful for me. Like one of the things I've do is I've got all these, I've got all these Facebook accounts. So, so I've been doing things that feel, um, Agency like in the sense that like I have multiple Facebook accounts. Yeah, but But I've got none of the discipline of an agency or like not like or or like I Don't know. I'm standing things up, right? I don't think like I don't know if I'm setting things up correctly within Facebook like like one of things really annoying Facebook is once you start going down a path you're kind of committed to that path even Yeah How many people do you have on this? And could I have access to the growth? Because one thing I would do with this is the exact same thing that you would do with a client is basically look for what is like, in here, there are things that are already basically people responding to and are kind of giving some clues on something.

47:30 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I can definitely give you access just to the correct email. The other thing that could be worthwhile is doing a chat with Jordan. Because she's a part of the Facebook Disruptor Lab. She does weekly calls with people that are like working on the algorithm. I mean, she's really been transformative for a lot of her. Like for me, that's how we got 100 conversions was like on the back of how she, and that was quite quick. So it could be worth kind of bringing her in to compare notes on like how you're running things, how we run things and see what's right for this. Yeah.

48:09 - Craig Swanson What is the closest that you have for clients? What is the closest that you have for client work? Okay. So, so do you, do you have clients that you're either getting conversions or leads in the sub $10 cost?

48:27 - Jim Huffman Man, most everybody goes for the jugular and we're selling products online. Um, we've done something where it's like building a wait list.

48:40 - Jim Huffman And usually it's like Those would be like lead or $10 like a dollar lead depending on if it's b2b or b2c But nothing right now. Honestly, everything's going for a conversion event. I could be wrong I can hit up our team because honestly, I'm out of the ad manager with client stuff For lots of reasons, but I can ask to see if there's anybody that's more relevant to what you're saying. I Can you open up the Neat Facebook account?

49:09 - Craig Swanson I assume for Neat, have you primarily been advertising over Facebook and Instagram?

49:15 - Jim Huffman We do some Google Ads, but we pause it because we're running out of sizes. And keep in mind, we're out of stock now because it's so painful. But we could look at, when were we really hauling and moving? Maybe it was here when we had the cost per person. Yeah, this is when it was kind of moving.

49:36 - Jim Huffman And because for us, if our AOV is $100, my CAC ceiling is basically $40 to $50.

49:45 - Jim Huffman And so this is what we hit when we first started.

49:47 - Craig Swanson So can I, OK, let me just, because I see this. All right. You know what? I should pull up one of mine. All right, so you spent about $2,000.

49:56 - Jim Huffman You see, if you get the badge, the scale your high performing campaign.

50:00 - Jim Huffman It will make you feel like you're a genius.

50:06 - Unidentified Speaker Smart.

50:11 - Jim Huffman Wait, sorry, what'd you want me to do?

50:13 - Craig Swanson I'm trying to think out. All right, so you, does this mean you, so what, can you show me what the revenue was off of this?

50:21 - Jim Huffman Um, I mean, we should.

50:23 - Craig Swanson Okay, so here's what I'm thinking. Why did you limit yourself to $100 a day?

50:28 - Jim Huffman Well, honestly, this performed better than we thought. We had a budget of $3,000 for the month, and I thought it was going to take 60 days to preview it at economics. This was like the minimum to spend to get learnings, but it started to work better and faster than we thought. But then we start running out of inventory, so we couldn't scale, which is why I like e-products better than real products.

50:55 - Craig Swanson And just show me the best performing ads, like just click on ads and then let's just look at the best performing.

51:03 - Unidentified Speaker And what was your targeting?

51:04 - Craig Swanson Was your targeting open?

51:06 - Craig Swanson Oh, wow, you had one ad.

51:08 - Craig Swanson So like, so it's not best. No, it's, you'll kind of see.

51:12 - Jim Huffman Oh, you did, you did dynamics.

51:14 - Craig Swanson Yeah, yeah, we did dynamics.

51:15 - Jim Huffman And this is the one that scaled was me doing the water balloon test.

51:21 - Craig Swanson Um, with, with what headline and everything else, like did the headlines matter a lot? Um, they did.

51:27 - Jim Huffman Um, and actually I've been put it here in the sold out playbook. Here's the headline, the copy that worked.

51:35 - Jim Huffman Um, wait, she wears it. Um, this is the winning copy right here. These two, um, a PhD scientist finally made a sweat proof shirt. Yes. The shirt really hides sweat. The shirt, uh, with superpowers everyone's talking about. These were like the winners.

52:09 - Craig Swanson Let me see if I can share one of my screens. Let me see if I can find something just to show you, I mean, to show you what was happening in days gone past when it was working.

52:27 - Jim Huffman All right, so I'm gonna share the desktop.

52:31 - Unidentified Speaker This is Kaiserfit.

52:45 - Craig Swanson Oh, interesting. I think we were advertising before this.

53:02 - Craig Swanson Is there a limit to how far back you can go in Facebook? I don't think so.

53:06 - Jim Huffman I wonder if they change it when like reporting changes.

53:12 - Craig Swanson All right. So, so let's just do June of 2000. Let's just do June once a one month.

53:24 - Craig Swanson And I'll even be able to tell fairly quickly. Um, So OK, so in one month, which means that this was starting to be in the slower period. Yeah.

53:58 - Craig Swanson So purchase conversion value, it's not showing any purchases, which, I mean, we might have been slow, but we weren't that slow.

54:12 - Craig Swanson There we go, there we go.

54:16 - Craig Swanson Oh, cause it's not telling at the bottom, uh, because there, there, there are different time sequences in here. Oh, gotcha.

54:22 - Jim Huffman Gotcha.

54:23 - Craig Swanson But if you look at this, so if you look at this, yeah, it's like paying for itself. Right. So, so basically, and that's kind of this, this structure. And again, like it's a little bit like showing things back from like, You know, if I could go back to, you know, to could just 2014, like, just ill, but you can kind of see like in the results, kind of like how I was kind of positioning everything.

54:53 - Jim Huffman And then.

54:56 - Craig Swanson If we look at any of these, you know, lookalike, by the way, lookalike was like we couldn't quite do open then. So basically lookalike stories. Uh, I, I GFB basically means Instagram and Facebook. So that's basically organic followers and purchase.

55:15 - Jim Huffman And you know, what were the top creatives I'm going to look.

55:22 - Unidentified Speaker I have some ideas.

55:23 - Jim Huffman I'm a little bit obsessed with what feels like really native raw content to get people's attention that I want to test. These are great.

55:32 - Craig Swanson I do a lot with just big, big words. Yes.

55:35 - Craig Swanson I love that actually. Yeah.

55:39 - Jim Huffman But I need to get you that video content. Hope you have a little bit from me doing that recording, but yeah.

55:50 - Craig Swanson So it looks like, it looks like I can't go back. Oh, you know what? You know what? Uh, wait, no, it's, um, two more ad accounts.

56:11 - Craig Swanson I mean, we were advertising before this. I really wonder why I can't go back.

56:17 - Unidentified Speaker That's frustrating.

56:18 - Craig Swanson That's really annoying.

56:21 - Craig Swanson Um, because if I could go back a year, I was, that was when I was doing about a million. And so like on a, on a given day like this, like we might've spent 120, course $120,000 of the month. And we'd be at like 120 to $150,000 in revenue tied to it. And I'm always kind of like writing this line. So I'm always writing this line to basically, I'm trying to exclude people that are already on our list. I'm just trying to acquire new people on our list. Mm-hmm. Um, and I do a lot with just basically throwing a lot of ads in there and letting it just select the winners. Yeah.

56:58 - Jim Huffman That's exactly what we do. Like through DCTs is just like letting the algorithm cook and find the best one, because that's the thing. It's like, we're just selling, like, if you're going off our core thing and it makes the setup so much easier and you let the, the learning compound without segmenting it off.

57:19 - Craig Swanson And then, oh, here, first purchase. This is where we used to make just a ton of money. First purchase, start series. So this is where I would, I mean, and this is where we're starting to lose steam, but like, oh, we just made so much money doing this.

57:36 - Craig Swanson And it was just a whole series of creative.

57:43 - Craig Swanson The start bundle is here. We did a series of, we just started playing with different creative.

57:50 - Jim Huffman Wait, what's okay? Yeah, but the unfair advantage you have that you already have this video content, right?

57:56 - Craig Swanson Yeah, well, I mean we were spending that much money. We also filmed a lot. Yeah Three program just I Mean I'm not subtle like I tend to do just a lot of big big letters big words. Yeah Sue Bryce That's the thing, I want to test that.

58:19 - Jim Huffman I want to test even the ones you did for Zebra. Zebra is like a static image saying what the lead magnet is. I want to do some that's literally like me on my iPhone pointing at my computer being like that feels very native.

58:33 - Craig Swanson Here we go. Let's go look at. Oh, that's terrible.

58:41 - Craig Swanson Let's see here, we must have.

58:43 - Craig Swanson I can go over time, just want to make sure you're good as well. I'm good. Here we go.

58:47 - Craig Swanson Okay, so here is the big sale. Oh, wow.

58:51 - Jim Huffman Let's see what worked there.

58:53 - Craig Swanson So if I throw this and that, so I'll get these two big ones.

59:04 - Craig Swanson And then just go to the ads, and we'll just look at the top purchasers.

59:14 - Craig Swanson And just kind of go through some of the creative.

59:18 - Craig Swanson Okay, so this is this is entirely organic. This was this was Sue Bryce doing her own real It really was basically it was really acting and so whenever you see this where it says IG post That is just me just basically just pushing just basically reusing just a organic post. That's awesome. Yeah Turn ideas did come this is just this is just the literally the promo trailer. Mm-hmm More promo trailers, so the promo trailers, the top ones.

59:52 - Unidentified Speaker Mm-hmm.

59:53 - Jim Huffman Just get us tonight.

59:54 - Craig Swanson I just, you know. Mm-hmm.

59:59 - Craig Swanson Just get us tonight. Yeah. Which makes sense.

1:00:01 - Jim Huffman I actually even just like the look of that, though, how it's like behind her. It's kind of funny. Oh, I love it.

1:00:06 - Craig Swanson In fact, what I remember, I did a whole series of these. Let me actually go farther down. But I'll just go with the big letters. But basically, I'm a big fan of just basically big, bold type. Yes.

1:00:26 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:00:27 - Jim Huffman The key is her photography, right? She's got killer photography. Yeah.

1:00:31 - Craig Swanson Early access discount ends.

1:00:38 - Craig Swanson Early access pricing ends Friday. A whole mouthful, but it works.

1:00:52 - Jim Huffman I did my tech bro photo shoot. I sent you some but they aren't at this level, but we can Okay, I'm just thinking of the assets we're going to need of like leveraging existing things, making things that aren't imagery or photography, and then like what imagery.

1:01:10 - Craig Swanson Honestly, from what I'm seeing, from what I'm seeing. So, I mean, this might get, might be cliche, but I would, first of all, just start with, I would start with all those graphs, graphics you've got in the, um, I don't remember the name of the, the Sigma, the, the, whatever that, that presentation itself, Figma in Figma. Okay. Yeah.

1:01:34 - Craig Swanson And probably throw a free PDF bug on top of it and then just play, basically just play with the words in there just as big words and just see which one of those start to click. And so one of those may click and then where they click or they don't click, then I might start to bring in photos of you and try to use the same words.

1:01:55 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:02:03 - Jim Huffman Do you want to look at those offers and tell me the ones that you would want to test and then I can have our designer add in the like free pdf on the ones we want.

1:02:15 - Craig Swanson I don't I so that's what I'm gonna ask you like I think what I would probably do I don't mind. Okay. So you're used to, you are used to treating leads as valuable. Like you don't want to waste $110, you know, 10, 100 $120, um, on a bad PDF. But for me, what I'd probably do is I'd probably take 12 of those graphics, bundle them together into a PDF. So you've got a 12 page PDF. Mm. And that way I can basically test all 12 graphics. It's a little bit of a mislead. The thing that you are going to, the thing that they're gonna get as a PDF is going to be related to the thing they asked for.

1:03:03 - Craig Swanson And then if we get very few click-throughs on those, basically I wouldn't start building out the PDFs until I've got some sense of which of those offers are starting to appeal to people.

1:03:12 - Jim Huffman So what do we say it's like, because if we start testing this and we don't have the deliverable to give them, do we have to say like it's coming soon? Oh, we would.

1:03:20 - Craig Swanson We will. So first of all, I was going to ask your opinion on that. I mean, one, one thing is just to send them an email and say, well, I mean, like, so, so there is like, there is like, one thing is you just don't have the deliverable. I mean, like, I don't do that very often, but like one thing is to not have the deliverable. What I'd probably do is I'd probably create a deliverable. Yeah.

1:03:42 - Jim Huffman which is not my idealized deliverable. Yeah, but it's like a catch all for what we want to test exactly.

1:03:49 - Craig Swanson So basically so I might do a little bit of like adjusting of what I'm promising, but basically like the download page might say get a PDF of my of my 12 favorite frameworks or something like that. And then you get a 12 page PDF with all the different frameworks. Yeah, and effectively each of those 12 is one of the ads that we're testing.

1:04:10 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:04:13 - Craig Swanson I'm curious, how much hands-on are you in all this? So this is both a weakness and a strength, depending on where I am. I was realizing a lot of this stuff I do, when I am in these early phases of trying to figure it out, I was the one creating all that type around Sue. There's a lot of basically me just kind of like, I don't know enough to be able to hand it over to someone yet.

1:04:37 - Jim Huffman Yeah that's like even like with our neat ads like I wrote all the copy like I was the freaking model like just kind of like and again we had like these that I actually thought this one was going to do better like our creative director from this one out we had this one made that didn't perform by someone else this was by someone on our team. But it's kind of both, but I get pretty on the copy and the position. I get pretty into the weeds on it.

1:05:07 - Craig Swanson So when you're doing this, when you're doing this, are you doing the video? You're not filming the video, but are you editing the video? Um, we already had this video.

1:05:17 - Jim Huffman Uh, we sped it up and made some tweaks to it, but when we bought part of the company and they had this, we sped it up.

1:05:24 - Craig Swanson Did you speed it up? Oh, no, no. I don't edit videos.

1:05:26 - Craig Swanson I don't work in, in Figma. What I do though, I do copywriting and I'll do like storyboarding of like, this is what I want at frame one, two, three, four, and like scripting it out. But then someone else does it.

1:05:41 - Craig Swanson For both better and for worse, depending on the need, like I'm right in there. So basically most of the ads I showed you, you made all of it. Well, I'll say for the ones for Kaiser fit, by the time we were at that stage, we had a designer and like, we had this rhythm, we had an understanding of what was working and they were kind of going from there. But for like Sue Bryce, when I was like at early stages, I was literally like looking through, following hints and ideas and like putting it together. Yeah.

1:06:05 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And maybe that's what's necessary in the early days for us. So I'd be in there. Cause I, I can tap into my team. I just have to give them a little bit of a headstart. So, cause it's like, obviously the client works the highest priority, but I can definitely do that. But I'm even thinking through, cause the other thing I'm asking them is like, give me templates where I can get into Figma and I can like edit copy and stuff. And that's some, some things that we're, we're working through. Um, All right.

1:06:32 - Craig Swanson So if we were going to do some testing, if we were going to do some testing on this, I'd wanna get to a place where we have a Facebook account that we can start pushing the stuff out on. Probably it makes sense to do it under the growth hit identity. And that doesn't feel like it's hitting a lot of I don't know, like, like, is that, is that going to run across other stuff you're working on for the, for the growth hit identity?

1:07:20 - Jim Huffman All I'm not, let me think out loud out here. Really. I wanted to do remarketing for these leads that come in was the main focus of why we were doing it just to hit them again. Um, and again, again, again. Um, but we, we aren't, we're, we're gonna, we're about to be doing more top of the funnel ads. Like you kind of saw those ones just have like lead magnets, but, um, There's a little bit of overlap there, but maybe there's a way to work to have it. Well, shoot, but then it's like the pixel. We could have one campaign we do optimize for something and then ours can be optimized for what we're doing. So maybe.

1:08:02 - Craig Swanson I mean, the other thing we could do is we could set up a new ad account. We could set up a new ad account. Yeah. So the ad account has all those pixels, everything we're doing. Um, and then you could make that ad account, you get that ad account rights to basically create ads and basically run things on your Facebook and Instagram profile.

1:08:23 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:08:25 - Craig Swanson So then, so then the ad account that we create, we'll have its own credit card. Um, yeah.

1:08:36 - Jim Huffman Yeah, maybe we do need to do it separate just to keep it cleaner. Cause I'm all about like default to simplicity and speed. And like my initial was like, let's just go with the existing account. But I'm also like, let's set this up the right way for the big picture. And maybe it is separate.

1:08:53 - Craig Swanson How in the weeds are you on Facebook ad accounts? Like the current stuff for Facebook ad accounts?

1:09:00 - Jim Huffman I've removed myself with Nina. I've kind of gone a little bit back in more so for reporting, but I'm not doing any of the setup and that's very much intentional. Cause like for a while I was way too in it. So I'm like, they, they like removed me for a while. It's like, I've got to get out. But, but I can have a team member get in there and potentially like help with things. I know you're very much in it. So, but yeah, I'm, I'm pretty out of it.

1:09:27 - Craig Swanson I mean, I, I get pleasure out of it. And so I get a little bit confused sometimes, but I think at the stage we're talking about, like where we are actively right now, like we're not at a scaling conversation. So I don't think, so here's the problem. I enjoy it so much that there are times I should pull myself out of it and I don't. I don't think this is one of those times.

1:09:56 - Jim Huffman I don't think like you, like I'm thinking I need to be very in the weeds on the creative strategy for copy ads and positioning. Um, and I'm happy to like film things, write things. I have some limitations on design, obviously, but maybe you can help or my team could help. And if you're able to pull the levers on the ad manager, I'm also happy to like tap into our team, however we want, but maybe for now it's like, that we do those two categories. But so yeah, I'm just kind of thinking out loud on.

1:10:27 - Jim Huffman I think the other thing I need is I need a web page that we can put it on. So I think we talked about using growth hit playbook dot com.

1:10:35 - Unidentified Speaker I think that's right, yeah.

1:10:36 - Jim Huffman I'm glad we didn't, yeah, because we were also, we're going to buy something very expensive. Okay, I need Facebook. So, well, hold on, sorry, just put a pin on like, so a new Growth Hit Facebook page and account, right?

1:10:55 - Craig Swanson So I did register growthhitplaybook.com. Okay. And I think you own growthplaybook.com, don't you? Do I? What, what, what is your, what is your current thing at your current book at the growth marketers playbook?

1:11:12 - Jim Huffman Oh, yeah.

1:11:36 - Craig Swanson Here are the basics of what we need. We need a domain. Which we could use growth hit playbook. Part of that is like leaning into the growth hit name for the moment because you've got some brand equity there. And I do feel like, I do feel like for this topic, we need to have expertise that we can claim. So I think growth hit for better. I think growth hit can be that equity.

1:12:02 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah. Okay.

1:12:04 - Craig Swanson And, and then where you have to watch it is, are we eroding that equity? And I, you know, to some degree, I have to, you have to, you have to advocate for that.

1:12:16 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:12:17 - Jim Huffman I mean, I'm not going to purposefully, but I don't know. I'm not, maybe I should be more worried about it. Um, but, um, no, I think, I think we're good because it's, it's all connected. So yeah, I'm, I'm fine. I don't think I'm not worried about that risk because I'm controlling the content. Right.

1:12:43 - Craig Swanson We'll get to there. Ideally, I'm going to have a little bit of latitude. We'll figure it out. Basically, what I try to do is earn trust early on to run a bunch of things, but at some point when I feel like I've started to understand the voice, hopefully I'm not running everything by you every stage, but we also figure that out as we go.

1:13:07 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and that's it's all gonna be derived from stuff that I've done and also I've already done so many cringe things in the world.

1:13:12 - Craig Swanson It's like Also, I'm probably I mean, I'll be curious definitely if your face is on it changes things a little bit. So So I am a sue Yeah I mean, it's usually like a couple phrases. So basically, it's usually just like a whole bunch of headlines that are just remade. Like my favorite way to write body copy is just to reuse a bunch of headlines that were good. Yeah, absolutely. Those headlines become sentences and it doesn't have to be like, it's not a college essay. It doesn't have to go from point A to point B.

1:13:44 - Jim Huffman Get their attention, yeah.

1:13:48 - Craig Swanson Um, okay. So I kind of want to do that now. I want to do like, just like, like a thousand characters of just headline copies. Like wherever you enter is like a place and just see if that big block of copy would get anything.

1:14:03 - Jim Huffman Just do it, just headlines everywhere. It's how people read, I feel like, So we need a website, domain, growth hit, playbook.com. We need a Facebook page, an ad account. So who's owning what? How can I help and be supportive? What do I need to set up?

1:14:21 - Craig Swanson Well, I think I could spin up an ad. So I've got an ad account that I could use. Awesome. Can I take a really quick bio break and compare? Yeah, of course. Go for it.

1:14:28 - Jim Huffman We've got to respond to the Slack anyway.

1:14:32 - Unidentified Speaker Bye.

1:16:19 - Unidentified Speaker All right, I'm back.

1:16:20 - Craig Swanson Perfect.

1:16:21 - Jim Huffman I was able to respond to that thing. So awesome.

1:16:26 - Jim Huffman So I'm just going to share my screen again.

1:16:28 - Craig Swanson I mean, if I were doing this. I'm kind of getting to the place where I can't have too many ad accounts open at one time, but let me just go to my ad accounts.

1:16:40 - Craig Swanson This is where I think I might not be setting them up properly for the type of business I'm in. If I go to Incubator TV.

1:16:50 - Craig Swanson One, two, three, four. So I've got four.

1:16:56 - Craig Swanson that actually could be closed out. So what I might do, I think I was running into this issue where I couldn't create many more ad accounts before it's gonna shut me off. I don't know what the maximum number of ad accounts you can have on an identity are.

1:17:08 - Craig Swanson Yeah, other than having like an agency account or whatever, I feel like- Exactly. I feel like my personal though, I've had so many on there.

1:17:18 - Craig Swanson So I'd probably basically just create a ad account for us. I mean, seriously, we could put it on mine or we put it on yours, but basically put it somewhere. The ad account itself is part of a larger, you know, so serious. So there's, what are there? There's ad accounts and then they're inside of what? They're inside of, what are these things called? Business. So they're inside of businesses.

1:17:43 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so we have to connect it to the right page, right? Exactly.

1:17:47 - Craig Swanson And then whatever ad account that is, we would need to give access to the page that, Um, and then I'd probably want you to make me an admin editor, whatever level of access is appropriate for the, uh, uh, for the growth hit account, because it feels like just kind of like sort through and I can do that.

1:18:12 - Jim Huffman Um, that action item. Yeah. And then you'll probably need me. We would need just to make those profiles look decent on Facebook and Instagram for this new account. Is that correct? Are we connecting it to the existing group? We are connecting it to the existing account.

1:18:29 - Craig Swanson So, so think of growth hit as the influencer. Gotcha.

1:18:33 - Jim Huffman So have you ever done influencer marketing? Oh, as far as like posting under their influencer account? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

1:18:42 - Craig Swanson So effectively, yeah, you would grant access to our ad account to, so you're gonna give me access to GrowthHit so I can just kind of dig around and see what the ads are. Perfect, yeah. But then separately, we're gonna grant access to GrowthHit Facebook page and Instagram page to this ad account that we create. Perfect, okay, we're aligned. Yeah, which means that to the outside world, you know, it will be appearing on as, as from growth hit. That's awesome. Okay.

1:19:09 - Unidentified Speaker Perfect.

1:19:11 - Craig Swanson Um, but then we can have it go to our credit card. We can have it like connect to our pixel. Um, you know, we can have a sync with our Klaviyo account or anything else that's doing the email capture. Yeah.

1:19:23 - Jim Huffman Um, tight. Got it. Mm.

1:19:29 - Craig Swanson If we end up doing, if this becomes a really aggressive and growing info thing, there are limits to what you can do.

1:19:41 - Craig Swanson But there are problems that show up that sometimes I know how to solve, sometimes I don't know how to solve. And you've got a lot of assets in your company with knowledge, and also these problems basically don't exist unless there's some level of success. Yeah, no, absolutely.

1:20:01 - Jim Huffman And happy to tap into those resources whenever we need them.

1:20:10 - Jim Huffman So that's on the Facebook side, you're setting up the account, and then I will get you access to our growth hit. And then when it's ready, I can grant access to our page. So yeah, yeah.

1:20:24 - Craig Swanson And then what I think I'd be inclined to do is basically go through your Figma, basically pull those assets. So you're going to have a whole bunch of square graphics that, for me, I think are worth testing. When I look at this, and also I think maybe one of the differences is, I'm just trying to think here.

1:20:53 - Craig Swanson I mean, when I'm selling information, showing information works.

1:20:58 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:20:59 - Jim Huffman I love that way you put that because I agree when you can see the like bundle or package that you get, you're like, Oh, I want that. Yeah.

1:21:06 - Craig Swanson So if I'm, if I'm, if I'm still sharing the screen, if I go to Sue Bryce and I just go to, uh, this month, am I still sharing the screen? Yeah. Um, and I go to amount spent.

1:21:38 - Craig Swanson And I just look at like the amount spent.

1:21:46 - Craig Swanson There's the time place that was that high producing thing. And then this was literally just her putting her image in front of a video, which just has the, save this bouncing up and down.

1:21:59 - Unidentified Speaker So.

1:21:59 - Craig Swanson Oh, let's see here. I've got some other things selected. So I need to deselect, reselect.

1:22:10 - Craig Swanson you know, write your three by three brand bio free PDF. That's the free.

1:22:14 - Jim Huffman Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah.

1:22:16 - Jim Huffman So when I look at your, when I look at your Figma lists, like for me going back, I'm going to take a screenshot of that just so I can get it to my designer.

1:22:23 - Jim Huffman Hold it for one second.

1:22:27 - Jim Huffman And by the way, that's just the cover of the PDF.

1:22:30 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

1:22:32 - Craig Swanson And then the only other thing I've gotten there that I'd probably look at doing with your Figma is Let's take a look, Instagram feed.

1:22:50 - Craig Swanson There we go. Oh, I don't, I guess that's not one of these. Some of these I've got longer versions. So I would, I would go to see if I can get great like tall versions of some of those ads. Yeah.

1:23:04 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:23:07 - Jim Huffman Okay, so I'm putting an action item to get all of my assets with free PDF to you. I'm also putting an action item, I wanna come up with some ad ideas just to give to you as well to test. So I'm gonna make some creative as well, just so we're overflowing and creative to test.

1:23:31 - Craig Swanson And in terms of me, just so you know, I love that, I love that. The more I can get just like you teaching the stuff. So that's actually where all these recordings of all the education stuff come from, because that's where most of my creative comes from these days. It was never started as creative. It was started as educational content, and then I'll do different pulls on it.

1:23:55 - Jim Huffman Yeah, yeah, gotcha.

1:23:58 - Jim Huffman So yeah, and you need raw video photos of me teaching.

1:24:07 - Jim Huffman which the EO workshop will be good, but obviously that's not until August.

1:24:22 - Jim Huffman And then, Okay, so that that's on the asset side of things. So we got make Facebook ad account get all that set up tracking going to his assets You're gonna work on some I'll get that the figma file. I'm gonna make some assets Let me figure about getting maybe I can fake teach and get some like video content. I And then making a lead magnet. There's kind of two thoughts there. One is we could easily make that download of like my 12 favorite growth frameworks. I can also make a download, the how to, why isn't your company growing on what that could look like, And it could just be a one page checklist. Like how fancy do we want that to be? So something to think about.

1:25:11 - Craig Swanson I tend to not make things fancy at the start.

1:25:17 - Craig Swanson But also attractive. I mean, it's so attractive and well-written. So I don't know. So I would say, here's the first thing. That basically answers the question, why is my company growing? Front page can effectively be, yeah, so it could be like a four or five page thing. And it basically is your current, like flowchart of the three paths and it's just a one page on each of those that's got maybe 500 or 600 characters a copy on each page.

1:25:50 - Jim Huffman I can make that in a Google slide and then PDF it and make it look good enough. Great.

1:25:55 - Craig Swanson Okay, I'm on it. Then I think what I would do is we'll see what type of activity there is on that. If we get a hit on it, then probably convert that lead magnet into the first hour of your workshop, which is basically how to see if you can, your company can grow, which, which is effectively an online webinar for converting people to be purchasers of the class.

1:26:28 - Jim Huffman And Do you want me to also make a second League Magnet that's our 12 favorite growth frameworks, or should we not do that yet and just start with the first one? I think I could almost do that.

1:26:38 - Craig Swanson I'M literally thinking of that as just being a square PDF with 12 of your things from the Figma. I'm not thinking it's all that involved, except maybe throwing some copy on there to describe them. Cool.

1:26:53 - Jim Huffman So you'll make that. I'll make the first one, and then what about website as far as the growth hit playbook as far as because there's lots of things we can do it's like you have this awesome template should we just leverage that we have designers that could help at a certain like whenever but I'm also thinking through speed but what are your thoughts there We need something on the front page, and generally what I've done for the front page is I've either

1:27:32 - Craig Swanson used photography or video that basically holds the page and lets me have a fairly simple message on it.

1:27:42 - Craig Swanson I don't feel like we've got...

1:27:47 - Craig Swanson How many good photos do you have of you like you're teaching a webinar? Like there's kind of this Jim looking into the webinar camera look that's becoming kind of known.

1:27:59 - Jim Huffman Yeah, crap, I sent something with a bunch of assets. Let me grab that. I don't, I wanted to look at that real quick to see if that's any good. Where the heck am I? Here we go. Where are we?

1:28:15 - Craig Swanson Are we just in like a little nook in your house on the first floor? We're at the bottom.

1:28:19 - Jim Huffman So upstairs is like living room, bedrooms, kitchen. And then you walk down these stairs and then we have this downstairs with like, bedrooms and then yeah it's kind of like an open den area that's my office which is awesome when no one's here which is usually most the case but when people are here they're probably annoyed because I'm too loud where the heck are those I will find them um this is it aha found them okay so we have this And I don't know if these are gonna be good enough but Jim image assets of Tech bro Jim Here here here. Here's me teaching. They're just images There's like a sizzle reel type of thing you could do and so there's those and then These are all like webinars is the problem of me talking, which is good or bad.

1:29:31 - Craig Swanson Oh, hey, is that Jim talking on podcast? But I see EO people in there.

1:29:37 - Jim Huffman Yeah, Don and Adam, after we went to the tiny headquarters in Victoria, met the Andrew Wilkinson. We did a podcast on it. Oh, cool.

1:29:48 - Unidentified Speaker So that was fun.

1:29:49 - Jim Huffman So yeah, so that's kind of what we have.

1:29:55 - Jim Huffman But you can tell me if we need more and then, and yeah, I'm happy to put in some effort here.

1:30:14 - Craig Swanson You think about it, I'm thinking it doesn't want to look like a headshot. Yeah.

1:30:23 - Craig Swanson I mean, actually, here's the thing. I know it's in my head, but actually, I don't really know how easy or hard that is execution-wise.

1:30:32 - Jim Huffman Wait, what's the one where it's like, can you show me an example of what you're talking about of looking into the webinar? What'd you say? Because I think I know what you're talking about. Like literally here.

1:30:44 - Craig Swanson So get yourself centered. And then basically be making eye contact with the camera. You don't have a camera, you just have, I mean, it is a webcam. It's a webcam, yeah.

1:30:57 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:30:59 - Craig Swanson See, I think that, I think that if you were just like looking at the camera, trying to think here, I'm just trying to think like, Because this would work for your pitch. So if and when we have it down to where basically you are pitching an idea, your little 60 second topic on what this thing is, this totally works. And the expression you have right now, I don't know, I might just try playing with that. I'm going to record on this computer.

1:31:54 - Craig Swanson And I think, I don't know, there's something, there's something about this energy that will stop a scroll for people because it looks like you're about to say something. Oh, interesting.

1:32:05 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And you know, the text behind it or something that's, you know, I don't know if you need a text behind it.

1:32:13 - Craig Swanson I guess it depends a little bit on what it is, you know, but, but like, I'm recording this because I'm gonna just try to throw this on a page and see what it looks like, Okay.

1:32:26 - Jim Huffman Can I do black and white or something to make it more epic? It's not so much epic.

1:32:31 - Craig Swanson It's honestly, it's not epic. It is. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna end that right now and just, well, why not let it keep going? Um, and there's also, and I don't know if I can articulate, the one thing I'm realizing is, um, And even like with you, you're in the industry, like you do all this stuff, but you, you're not a content creator, like, or, or you are, you are an audio content creator. You're an audio and written content creator.

1:32:59 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah. Yeah.

1:33:00 - Jim Huffman Video is very much amateur level. Yeah.

1:33:04 - Craig Swanson Um, and like, I guess there are all these skills around that, but like, like that, so I'm just, is getting like some type of this and, and a lot of people end up like making stuff that doesn't draw you in because it looks too professional. It looks polished. It looks produced and, and like this angle, this angle is the angle that says Jim has something to say. Yeah. It's like leaning in. Mm-hmm, but it's but you know, but there's a little bit of a there's a light leak like they're these other things where what you'd end up doing is you end up putting like a better quality lens in the same angle like you're trying to like But you're trying to like create those emotional cues as if there is something happening here. Yeah. Yeah Mm-hmm Very cool.

1:33:47 - Unidentified Speaker No, I'm down.

1:33:48 - Jim Huffman I mean So as far as like, you know, what all is needed for the website? Mm-hmm You let, yeah, I guess let me know if we have the stage.

1:33:59 - Jim Huffman We'll come back to what I need for the website, the website. I mean, honestly, the website.

1:34:05 - Craig Swanson We just need a looping video or a graphic that is not a, that can just basically be the background for a very simple call to action message. Yeah, absolutely.

1:34:22 - Jim Huffman With a button and

1:34:26 - Craig Swanson That's it. Like, like, until we have something better to say, like, I don't try to fill up the page with copy.

1:34:32 - Jim Huffman No, I like it. And then this kind of leads to the big thing. What, what are we selling again? Um, as far as, you know, the sold out playbook versus the growth market operating system, the, the, the big tasks, right. On how. On what we're selling like what you need for me because I'm kind of going full steam ahead on both where I've literally broken down the modules of Everything I would need to do or is it right here? So I have my modules of like For sold-out playbook everything I'd want to do do I have the slides done do I actually have the workbook? Deliverable to help them do it. I'm working on the script and then doing the same thing for for this because I'm I'm the bones are there like I like the recording I gave for you for this and I feel very confident that I could polish that up and give you that deliverable. This one is a little heavier, but I feel like all this stuff, I have it basically in the offer workbook where I seem to pull it together.

1:35:48 - Craig Swanson I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to say the sold out playbook is the one that I think we should go for to start with. And I think, I think to some degree we can shift that based on what we get. So basically like the, the layers are going to be, get a webpage up with some type of promise, some type of call to action, some type of button, get on the wait list. Um, we can start doing a bunch of list generating with basically your Figma, with like the existing stuff you've got.

1:36:26 - Craig Swanson And if we feel like we are getting traction in either of those things, then we can basically put a date on when the first one's released and we can basically start to actually like start to take pre-orders on something.

1:36:42 - Jim Huffman Okay, well, one call out on the this right here.

1:36:50 - Jim Huffman Not all of these are a part of the sold out playbook, which that's probably fine. But just kind of saying that that I don't think these are all pretty relevant to the growth marketing operating system, the system, if you will. Some of them definitely are for could go into that, but just kind of calling that out.

1:37:14 - Jim Huffman Let's say I'm just kind of think I'm not that worried about that. So, OK, so first of all.

1:37:22 - Craig Swanson Well, let me put this way, if one of them was absolutely kicking ass. We could make an argument about how you incorporate it into something. Like, let's say that everyone wanted to buy the growth marketing playbook, the sold out, the sold out playbook. And everyone was clicking on an ad that wasn't really designed to be in there. First answer would be, well, can we just put it in there? Can we just like, you know? Yeah.

1:37:46 - Jim Huffman Oh yeah, we can find a way to back it in.

1:37:49 - Unidentified Speaker Gotcha.

1:37:55 - Jim Huffman But the good thing is, this absolutely leads, it leads to both, right? Are you ready to grow? So that's great. If this ends up winning, game on. And it's like, these are the four sections to answer.

1:38:09 - Craig Swanson For my recording that I got of you, Did you go through this? Are you ready to go? Did you walk through that? I went through this.

1:38:18 - Jim Huffman However, I didn't have all four of these. I can re-record something to incorporate all of these. I can easily do that. Okay. Um, cause I, by the way, sidebar, I freaking love this. Like I love this so much. I, um, I use it a lot. I, this needs to be, I'm sure, um, open AI will have this. I mean, there are things that kind of already do this, but I, I just love this.

1:38:50 - Craig Swanson Might be a product there, by the way, look at Jim bio at some point, like I've been trying to like write, um, I should probably make those downloadable too, so you can see them, but basically I've been trying to like pull together your bio that I can use from various things. I think I've pulled together another bio one that I need to upload. Oh, cool.

1:39:08 - Jim Huffman But I'm sorry. I derailed us. Um, yes. So yeah, this lead magnet absolutely aligns with both. Um, so that's great. So I feel good about that. All right. So as far as next steps, our read AI will help summarize all this, but like you're setting this up, I'm going to get you access assets. I can add in the free PDF. I'll provide some as well. The lead magnet working on this, you're going to get the website set up and hit me up with other things that are needed. Okay. A lot of progress on this, man. I'm very excited.

1:39:49 - Craig Swanson So the other thing is let's talk about the EO, the three hour, the three hour thing you're doing for EO. Oh, it's three hours.

1:39:56 - Jim Huffman All right.

1:39:57 - Craig Swanson Um, I think we're holding the, uh, August 29th, I think was the date. Okay.

1:40:03 - Jim Huffman Let me, so that's confirmed the 29th. I'm going to, none of them are confirmed.

1:40:07 - Craig Swanson I can't get them to like, I can't get, I can't get venues to actually like, I'm incredibly frustrated right now. I feel like I feel like it's my job to basically book this stuff out and just nothing is happening. Oh, it's the worst. And I was pretty clear, like I am a content guy, I am not an event guy like, you know, I like the event. The event is a required thing to give my content a place to go.

1:40:34 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:40:37 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

1:40:39 - Craig Swanson Let me let me actually let me check what I what I said, Lindsay.

1:40:46 - Craig Swanson dates.

1:41:13 - Craig Swanson No, not that.

1:41:29 - Craig Swanson Let's see here.

1:42:43 - Craig Swanson Well, I'm not finding the thread, but I think, I think I had checked about August 29th with you. Yeah, that works.

1:42:50 - Jim Huffman For me.

1:42:50 - Craig Swanson Um, well, I mean until so let's hold it. Let's if you if you can if you can block it out The event is gonna be a half. So be a three hours cool And I'm just looking for the name of it. And so what I was playing with was I Really like sold out so I'm playing with the sold-out marketing I'm trying to figure out what three hours feel like,

1:43:15 - Jim Huffman Here's my issue with sold out. I feel like that speaks more to a B2C company, and I feel like EO leans heavier B2B, and it might not resonate as well. I think that's true.

1:43:29 - Craig Swanson But everything you do is B2C, isn't it? Do you help people who are B2B?

1:43:34 - Jim Huffman So 60, 70% our clients are B2C for sure. That's where we're really good and we thrive and excel. But like we, the agency started on B2B and startups and 30% plus is B2B. Um, so I, I feel pretty good going both avenues. Um, but just kind of calling that out. Cause my only concern is like, if, if we lean super heavy into consumer happy to do that, but it's like, does that, help the audience or like the network.

1:44:08 - Craig Swanson So let's lean into your strengths. So let's talk about where you can be an expert.

1:44:13 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:44:15 - Craig Swanson And you sell yourself B2B. So I'm not arguing against your expertise, but I'm not afraid of, as long as it's clear, I'm not afraid of creating a description that not everybody comes to, but the people who come to it are well-served.

1:44:28 - Unidentified Speaker Absolutely.

1:44:29 - Jim Huffman Because the other thing I'm thinking through is, For three hours, it depends on how interactive we want it to be and to do workshops, but to do... I just wear the sold-out playbook for the audience because it's more of going from zero to one and launching something that could be helpful, but I worry people will be like, yeah, I've got that. The operating system for growth or... It's like EOS, but for marketing, that's where the growth marketing operating system comes in. That's where I could go super deep. And like the sold out playbook could be a part of that. Cause that's a part of like launches and there's frameworks within that that would be involved. So I'm thinking out loud, it's like, for sure, let's say that's an option. The sold out playbook type of approach. That's one. The second would be like EOS, but for marketing or the growth operating system to get predictable revenue or income for your business. Cause I think where it thrives is if people want to nerd out on growth and how to like do founder led growth or, you know, how to stand up a marketing function and a team that really like gets to predictable revenue of hitting your goals. For me, that's where I think it can really resonate. And here's the other context. I do stuff with ANA where I have to do three-hour workshops for B2B enterprise companies, so I feel good flexing accordingly there. OK.

1:46:00 - Craig Swanson Let me ask you, what was the lead magnet we were going to do? Why isn't your business growing? What was the actual financing of it?

1:46:08 - Jim Huffman That's a good point. It could be all over around that.

1:46:11 - Jim Huffman I mean, because actually, Why isn't your company growing?

1:46:23 - Craig Swanson What if it were why isn't your company growing? Parentheses fast enough like or you like or you know what? Like literally like what what was the but I could be good cuz you got three hours I I think that if you basically came, okay, so first of all, if you had a mix of people that were coming in for B2B, B2C, and let's just say, let's say B2B, B2C, and confused. Does that cover the range? Yeah.

1:46:56 - Jim Huffman And just so you know, I just did one for a and a to a hundred people where I do a poll before every workshop. Cause I know the compliance I get and I asked them, are you B2B or B2C? Because if I just lean too heavy on B2C examples, B2B gets mad. If I lean too heavy on B2B, B2C gets mad. So yeah, I can flex accordingly. Okay.

1:47:18 - Craig Swanson And then you basically got the three reasons that they may not be growing. Mm. Which lead into solutions and paths on each of those. And basically, once you've covered that, you can also go down any other path you want to go down.

1:47:32 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:47:33 - Jim Huffman And that's where it could be fun. Anyway, that could be part of the workshop. I have them like, hey, here's a break. I want you to do this physical and answer these questions. Because I'm trying to think through how many breakouts I do in exercises, but this could be one.

1:47:52 - Jim Huffman And this would actually be a great one, too. They could go in small groups.

1:47:58 - Craig Swanson Why isn't your company growing? What's blocking your growth? Positioning problem, traffic problem, conversion problem. And then based on the answer to that, you're effectively giving a little mini clinic on how you approach those three things. Yeah, no, absolutely.

1:48:13 - Jim Huffman And that could be fun. It's like, all right, based on your problems, the next the rest of this workshop, people have a position problem, I'm going to help you people have a traffic problem to help you people, the conversion problem, I'm going to help you. And like, we kind of break it up that way.

1:48:26 - Craig Swanson Alright, so if we're looking at EO for looking at EO, Why isn't your company growing? I actually feel like that, like I'd want to do something in there. I think that's a fantastic ad, but we have people in EO that are actually that need to hear this, that are growing.

1:48:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:48:45 - Jim Huffman Wait, they are growing, but they need to hear this. Like you're not going fast enough or you're not growing the right way. Exactly.

1:48:50 - Craig Swanson Or what is blocking your company's growth? Yeah. All right. I like that. And it can be a position problem, be a traffic problem, conversion. By the way, like that feels, I mean, that feels like, Kind of like so fundamental. Is there anything else it could be? Fulfillment.

1:49:07 - Jim Huffman I've added this one. Because like I read... Oh, like you.

1:49:13 - Craig Swanson Like literally for neat. Literally for neat. You don't have a positioning problem. You don't have a traffic problem. You don't have a conversion problem.

1:49:19 - Jim Huffman Yeah, by the way, we're running, we're running into this issue with growth hit right now. And I'm thinking about for, um, this workshop, I might only do two case studies, but it would be a neat case study through the entire thing and a growth hit case study through the entire thing. And just be very transparent with what we're doing well and not. No.

1:49:38 - Craig Swanson Um, I like that by the way, pricing. So, so pricing, um, Pricing, I'm just, let me just, so pricing, I mean, it could be a positioning problem. It could be a conversion problem. It's probably positioning or conversion if I have a fundamental pricing disconnect, right?

1:49:58 - Jim Huffman Yeah, that's a good call. I think of that as value to value and pricing.

1:50:06 - Craig Swanson Well, but you'd also don't have value here either. So I'm assuming value is either positioning or conversion.

1:50:12 - Unidentified Speaker Got you.

1:50:13 - Jim Huffman Yeah, it's like positioning or conversion. Sorry, did you see pricing somewhere on here? Is that something?

1:50:18 - Craig Swanson No, I was just trying to think I was looking at this statement about what's blocking your growth. And I was like picturing those in a lecture hall. And the professor just said that. And I'm basically trying to like, I'm just trying to say, do I agree with that? Is it is like, you know, is that what else?

1:50:33 - Jim Huffman What am I missing here? Yeah. All right. So so fulfillment.

1:50:36 - Craig Swanson I ask you if there's anything missing. So fulfillment. Absolutely.

1:50:41 - Craig Swanson Pricing for me, at least the way I think about pricing, pricing is either positioning in the market or it's a conversion tool. Does pricing stand in the way of me purchasing or is pricing like a signaling of value statement?

1:50:55 - Craig Swanson If I'm not providing value, that's either positioning or conversion.

1:51:02 - Craig Swanson I'm not making money, but you didn't say anything about profitability. Profitability is not really on this plate.

1:51:08 - Jim Huffman Um, it is here on, are you converting customers in an ROI positive way? Um, so a little bit, these are good call outs that you're saying that I just want to like process in a membership company, in a membership company, um, churn.

1:51:30 - Craig Swanson So like, like there are deeper places I would go. Positioning, traffic, conversion. I mean, on the fundamental level, you can say, well, your churn is just a matter of you're not refilling your basket fast enough. But there's some level where you can basically, once you've determined your ROI, once you've determined your cost of acquisition, once you've determined your churn, smart people in math can actually basically tell you when your membership is going to cap out. Right.

1:51:57 - Jim Huffman It's like consumer products are the worst because if they have like a 6% churn rate, it's like, Oh, you've got to buy new X, like over 50% new customers every year or whatever.

1:52:07 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:52:08 - Craig Swanson So I can see an argument, like someone who is selling a churn solution could totally say churn is the problem you have. Mr. Mr. Consumer products person.

1:52:18 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I, yeah, I can try and flip that on the head where it's like, well, you have a churn problem because you actually don't have a good, um, a nice to have, or you don't have a true must have. And that's why they're turning and you messed up with your product and your positioning. Exactly.

1:52:35 - Craig Swanson You know, you're just, you're delivering people vegetables and a recipe card. And it turns out that past a certain point, they don't need to have that.

1:52:43 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:52:44 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

1:52:47 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

1:52:48 - Craig Swanson Think I'm gonna play with that. It's like why isn't your company growing? Why isn't your company going fast enough? What's blocking your growth? I'm gonna play with those see if I get down to an headline for that make it a pain statement and And would you call this a workshop a clinic a Seminar what'll do the best?

1:53:12 - Jim Huffman Cause I can, I could talk for three hours. I'll pass out. Cause I do that sometimes I can make it really interactive and have worksheets. However, those could be hit or miss. Like if they're really engaged, it's great. Sometimes if I do more than honestly, two exercises, it's, it gets a little too loose. So I'm thinking maybe one breakout exercise.

1:53:37 - Jim Huffman I think in an initial breakout, like what's blocking your growth. I think.

1:53:43 - Craig Swanson And then you have people like working groups and then report what it was that they're blocking and see if you can get a sense of like where that is. And then I don't know how you work on some degree. Would you go linearly? Would you basically talk about positioning traffic problem or would you actually let the biggest one basically go first?

1:53:58 - Jim Huffman I kind of want to go linearly. Um, because what I'm also trying to do is like, I've been following how I got onboarded for EOS. I'm trying to see how I would do like operations where I start with I'm calling it the growth physical, but it's like what's blocking growth? And then like what's your team and tech stack to pull this off? I'm like introducing you to your how you run stuff. But really this is the meat of it. It's like strategy. And I think this is where the bulk of the what I'm going to do the workshop on is going to be about. I'm really excited. Well, actually now it's the leverage assessment, have a two X your business in 10 minutes that I'm really pumped to do this exercise on like, what are your leverage points? And like, are you focusing on this to get like a nonlinear leap in your business model?

1:54:58 - Jim Huffman So anyway, But sorry, I'm kind of, yeah, it'd probably be me. I'm going to think through the order. I don't know yet, actually.

1:55:07 - Craig Swanson In terms of what I need for EO, really, it's the title that's most important because the title is what we're going to create into the graphic and I just have to have Jessica change the graphic and we change the title.

1:55:20 - Jim Huffman I trust you. You're very good at headlines.

1:55:26 - Craig Swanson But it also has to tie to what you actually are going to do. I'm not someone that believes in just you have to lean into your instructor's strengths and talents and find out how to position that for the market rather than promise the market something separate from what your instructor is great at. For sure.

1:55:46 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Um, cool. Yeah. But, um, that idea of like why what's blocking growth, why your company isn't growing like a, a workshop to unpack what's blocking and find a way for predictable growth or revenue. And you can even put social proof, like Jim's taught at like, into it, Hot Wheels, I could give you like logos like text.

1:56:08 - Craig Swanson Where is the where is the best bio you have with all of your facts and figures on why we should trust you? I have no idea.

1:56:19 - Jim Huffman Let me either link the A&A website. I need to update that one saying a website, Jim.

1:56:30 - Craig Swanson See how they pushed you. Yeah, let's see.

1:56:48 - Jim Huffman Oh wow, this is old.

1:56:52 - Jim Huffman Okay. There's one option, this might not be the best. Maybe my LinkedIn.

1:57:06 - Jim Huffman I could, where the heck is it? Oh yeah, I like to clean this up. I could write a better one if you want me to.

1:57:14 - Craig Swanson By the way, Growth Barking Consulting has generated over a quarter million dollars in sales for clients. For some reason I thought you had, is that the accurate number now?

1:57:25 - Jim Huffman Roughly, yeah, is what we say.

1:57:29 - Craig Swanson I saw a billion somewhere, but maybe you were saying companies that have done it.

1:57:32 - Craig Swanson We say a quarter billion, so we can say billion. Okay, okay.

1:57:40 - Craig Swanson I've missed the asterisk.

1:57:42 - Jim Huffman I'm just trying to get the B word in there. Well, I totally owned it as billion.

1:57:51 - Jim Huffman I can get you a better bio, Jim, to send a bio.

1:57:58 - Craig Swanson And then you've only been, you're coming into your third year of EO. Is that correct? I think so.

1:58:03 - Jim Huffman Wow.

1:58:04 - Craig Swanson We must've talked like really close to the, when you first, your earlier first year, right? I think so.

1:58:09 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:58:11 - Craig Swanson Cause I, you played such a big part of my EO experience that like, how long have you been in?

1:58:16 - Craig Swanson I feel like you've been in for decades. I've been in for six years.

1:58:20 - Craig Swanson Oh, okay.

1:58:20 - Jim Huffman Well, I thought you'd been in a little bit. Actually, yeah.

1:58:24 - Craig Swanson So I'm coming into my sixth year, which is not that much more new. And if you had told me you'd been in longer than me, I would have bought it just because I wasn't really reaching out until... I think I was just starting to reach out and try to meet people in EO when we met. Yeah, I know.

1:58:45 - Jim Huffman I was talking about when I joined, I was much more proactive about that. When are you going to be president? When's the Craig Swanson reign?

1:58:53 - Craig Swanson I'm not.

1:58:56 - Craig Swanson I really don't think, I think that I know myself well enough to know that that is not the path for me. I'd probably be an active board member. I'm a really, really good backup.

1:59:12 - Jim Huffman to a good president.

1:59:13 - Craig Swanson And I kind of like lead from learning. And in fact, so based on how I was pitching it, Jim kind of basically, I mean, I don't know whether he's going to do this and I don't really care, but Jim is basically giving the most of the, like an additional amount of budget to learning. So basically learning is going to be distributing budget to other people as part of like working together. That's awesome.

1:59:32 - Jim Huffman It should be done.

1:59:34 - Craig Swanson I mean, well, I'm just advocating, like, one of my jobs is to basically, like, group with other people. So basically, I'm trying to, like, basically help other board members hit their goals, you know, by using learning events. That's cool, yeah. But no, like, it looks exhausting. Like, I'm not a maintain, like, 12 separate relationships with 12. I'm not really good at driving accountability into the system and at, like, leading a large group of people. I'm good at, like, like a smaller group, like an EO level size or EO accelerator level board.

2:00:06 - Jim Huffman Especially like leading other leaders that aren't dependent on me for their income. It's like, I don't know, that's a different game.

2:00:16 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

2:00:21 - Craig Swanson So who do you know in EO that you think is like, do you know Matt Hines? Yeah.

2:00:28 - Jim Huffman I mean, he's got his, uh, CMO coffee talk community that a lot of CMOs I know are in it that are pretty impressive, but yeah, he's, he seems pretty legit.

2:00:39 - Craig Swanson I was thinking about having him do something on like pipeline management. I would love to hear him talk.

2:00:47 - Craig Swanson Um, and I feel like it is, it's a separate kind of discipline. Oh my gosh.

2:00:51 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I would love something around pipeline and sales or account-based marketing, ABM. That would be very cool.

2:01:02 - Craig Swanson I'll tell you two other things I'm working on. We'll see whether they, you know, so I want to do some health ones that use other numerical markers than height, weight, and BMI. And so I want to do one on metabolism. We're basically where we set it up so that everybody that wants to can get their blood work done ahead of the event. And then you basically have a conversation around like your body health, your body metabolism and health using the numbers in your, in your blood work. Oh wow.

2:01:40 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

2:01:40 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

2:01:41 - Craig Swanson Um, and I'm talking with, with, uh, with Steven Wagner, uh, on Friday, um, I kind of want to do this just for the headlines I come up with, but basically they do tests of your stool, your excrement, your shit. And basically it's around health, around basically digestion and diet, using a full workup there.

2:02:11 - Craig Swanson Which the obvious headline is like, know your shit with like a little asterisk.

2:02:17 - Jim Huffman Man, I think you, from a learning chair perspective, if you do anything well, I think it's naming the courses, naming the workshops. If you do that in itself, it's like game, game over. Yeah.

2:02:32 - Craig Swanson Yeah. And then, and actually do that, promote them well. And then honestly, I can't, I it's, here's the thing. Nobody actually remembers most of the workshops anyway. Like they just remember what they read in the marketing. Yeah.

2:02:42 - Jim Huffman And honestly, it's like, even if one person shows up, have amazing photography. So people have FOMO where it's like, Oh, look at the event and all of the people that were there.

2:02:51 - Craig Swanson One of the things I always tell, I always tell we're putting together, I always have fewer chairs out than we're expecting. Yes. Oh, smart.

2:02:59 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

2:03:00 - Craig Swanson Oh, I didn't. So if I, if I was putting on a workshop with three people, you know, I'd put out like one or two chairs. And so in the third person shows, oh my goodness. Oh, we're so oversold. Let me go see if I can find a place to get you set up. Yeah.

2:03:13 - Jim Huffman Please do whatever you can to make sure mine is sold out. Like I want, like I'm down for it. I have as many people as possible. Um, so yeah.

2:03:22 - Craig Swanson We, it may not sell it. So we're not necessarily doing the same thing around sales. We're actually looking at, this is the thing I'm trying to do. Um, we're looking at doing a partnership with the Columbia tower club. Yeah. Um, so if this works out, you'd be doing it, the Columbia tower club, and we'd be opening it up to EO members as also Columbia tower club members. Well, that'd be great.

2:03:40 - Jim Huffman Love that.

2:03:41 - Craig Swanson Yeah Which is also a little bit more in the startup space. Like it's interesting Columbia Tower Club members. They are There they're a mix but actually ironically Columbia Tower Club is kind of positioning itself.

2:03:51 - Jim Huffman It's like a little teeny tiny we work space There's stuff super cheap and approachable I should probably just join because you get that and you get the collective like 250 a month What is the collective? It's a co-working lounge space in South Lake Union. That's pretty cool. You should go work out of there sometime. But it's like half restaurant, bar, lounge area. Then there's another part that has like a rock climbing wall and Pelotons and a showers and open working space.

2:04:25 - Jim Huffman But tech stars used to have it every Tuesday. So I'd go there sometimes.

2:04:32 - Craig Swanson Oh, I know that Kaiser was a member of that.

2:04:37 - Unidentified Speaker Hmm.

2:04:39 - Craig Swanson We're, we're trying to see if we can get everybody in EO, a membership at the Columbia tower club. Oh, just included.

2:04:46 - Jim Huffman Just include it.

2:04:46 - Craig Swanson I mean, who knows? Like there's a bunch of things. I just wish someone would give me an answer on where we're going to actually have our events. So let's keep all my instructors just. Just block out your entire calendar for me on the off chance that we might do something. Yeah, right.

2:05:02 - Jim Huffman That'd be awesome. Well, I'm not excited.

2:05:08 - Craig Swanson I'll have the AI go dig through and write up a summary of what we said. We're going to do, but like from my memory, it is basically setting up the Facebook ad account, getting us a domain page that we can put this on, trying to find something, maybe it's a video, something in there that basically you can hold that. And then create our first PDF, what do you call it?

2:05:38 - Unidentified Speaker Giveaway.

2:05:40 - Craig Swanson Download or download checklists or yeah, whatever they call it a monkey's paw.

2:05:50 - Unidentified Speaker Perfect.

2:05:52 - Jim Huffman Well, Craig, this is funny. I'm excited, man. Whatever. I'm down to go all in on this because I'm pretty fired up in the timing with the event. It's yeah, it's a good forcing function as well.

2:06:03 - Craig Swanson And the other thing, too, is if we position it right, you could also talk about it a lot on LinkedIn. We could push it out, and it's very much in alignment with everything else we're doing. Yeah.

2:06:11 - Jim Huffman Yeah, especially if this is opened up to the public or Tower Club members. That could be fun. Yeah.

2:06:16 - Unidentified Speaker Cool. Cool.

2:06:17 - Jim Huffman Well, more to come on my end, man. All right. Thanks a lot.

2:06:20 - Jim Huffman Yeah, thanks. Take care.

2:06:21 - Unidentified Speaker Bye.