Jim Huffman: Meet with Craig (Zoom) 
Mon. Jun 3, 2024

0:37 - Jim Huffman Hey, yo, how you doing?

0:39 - Craig Swanson Good. How are you doing?

0:41 - Jim Huffman Good, good. How are you feeling?

0:43 - Craig Swanson I am feeling, I'm feeling really good. I don't think it was COVID, I think, but whatever it was, I think I just needed the time down because I'm feeling so much better this week.

0:57 - Jim Huffman Yeah, well, that's awesome, man.

1:00 - Jim Huffman There's nothing worse than being sick. Sometimes, I don't know if it's good or bad to be sick on the weekends, but at least it doesn't impact business, I guess.

1:10 - Craig Swanson Well, this was an away weekend for Pepper and Melody, so it was a good time for me to just be on my own.

1:17 - Jim Huffman Oh man, I'm not going to lie, that sounds kind of awesome. If you could actually watch a movie or something. I haven't done that in a while.

1:26 - Jim Huffman Oh, that's awesome. Well, how's your world man? How are things?

1:30 - Craig Swanson I mean, things are, things are great. I mean, like, like life is great. Um, the whole world of AI is just like this constantly moving target, which I'm still like grappling with. Um, um, But continuing to like plug away and like keep working on stuff. How about you? How is growth hits? Like how is the economy from your perspective? It's so interesting.

1:55 - Jim Huffman It's like we like we've had our best year ever. We've had like six figure profit months, which is like a huge deal for us. However, the last like It's like a perfect storm of, I've been, I was kind of like riding high, like, there's this quote where you're never more prone to make a dumb mistake than after a great success because you're like, oh, I'm doing amazing. And so. I've like stepped back from sales and then all of a sudden our close rate fell off a cliff. And I'm like, oh, that that was a problem. So I'm kind of coming back in a little bit, figuring that out and just growing pains, which it's like, do we want to go to this next level of growth and more people or should we just like stay where we're at? But it's it's good, but it's I would say like the first four months, I'm like the economy's booming right now. It's kind of middle of the road. I definitely see founders being very price sensitive and business owners very price sensitive.

3:02 - Craig Swanson How about Neat? By the way, Neat shirts, I'm a huge fan.

3:08 - Jim Huffman Really? They perform? Yeah, they fit well.

3:11 - Craig Swanson Yeah, no, they were great. They were great.

3:13 - Jim Huffman That's awesome, man. It's awesome. We took the ads live, and I was giving it 90 days to see a ROAS of over three. We saw it almost immediately. We had one like banger of an ad where we did a demo of the product that sold 90 units that had a ROAS of over 3.5. So I'm just like, this is amazing. I thought it was going to be a little more painful. But we're sold out of basically all the core sizes. We're not going to get new sizes till September. We have to switch manufacturers. It's like it's peak season. We should be like slinging shirts left and right, and we're just twiddling our thumbs. So that's a little painful.

3:56 - Craig Swanson So I was thinking about that, just like if you have something huge, like you can't follow up on it easily because you have like supply chains and all this other stuff.

4:04 - Jim Huffman It's so interesting, the physics of different business models show themselves real quickly once you get under their hood. With GrowthHead, we're limited on sales, we're limited on leads, we're limited on delivery. With Neat, we're limited on actual physical products. I know that, but to really feel that pain is really rough because we have 2,000 smalls.

4:31 - Jim Huffman And we are out of like mediums, larges and excels. We're like, how do we market to small people? It's like, I don't know. So we're trying to figure that out.

4:40 - Craig Swanson I mean, kids, huh? Yeah.

4:43 - Jim Huffman Or like go to girls. It's like your boyfriend shirt. I don't know. So go after jockeys. So who knows?

4:54 - Craig Swanson All right, well, um, I mean, I've got a few things to show you what what what's on What do you want to go to? Let me show you stuff. Do you do you want to kick up?

5:03 - Jim Huffman Let's we can kind of set the agenda real quick I mean my main thing is that I want to walk away from this is like hard deadlines for myself right and like what we're thinking because I like having things that I'm working backwards and But yeah, so yeah, the update on like where I'm at with the actual like outlining the workshop. I had some questions on that next milestones. The good news that I have for you or just the kind of exciting is I'm I'm investing quite aggressively in like my time and resources with the team to like make good content but to start to distribute it. I'm doing a talk at Exxon or I'm going to do this. I'm doing a talk at Marriott. To Marriott Orlando, Marriott Miami to do this. And so the ANA where I do speaking, I pitched them on a whole new content series and it's basically Legion for this is what I've kind of made it. And so I got approval for them and now they're pitching it to like these big companies. So that could be interesting. But I'm kind of antsy to test the content. Cause I'm like running this on myself on, on growth head and neat, but I'm very, and even before I do a EO, I want to do a talk somewhere else. My buddy, he's a CMO of a publicly traded company. I think he's going to let me do it to his marketing team. Cause I just want to get reps on the content.

6:35 - Craig Swanson That's cool.

6:37 - Craig Swanson Yeah. All right.

6:38 - Craig Swanson Let me, let me show you what I got and then we can talk about deadlines and uh, uh, so I'm going to share my screen.

6:50 - Craig Swanson So do you see Zoom and Playbook?

6:55 - Jim Huffman I sure do. All right.

6:56 - Craig Swanson So I mean, this is just kind of the evolving interface, same little buttons up at the top. But basically, what I've done is I've ingested all of your Playbook content. So these are all the chapters for your written book. These are all the transcripts for you teaching on video. And then here are our Zoom calls.

7:17 - Jim Huffman Oh, wow. Um, I'm already just like, so fired up.

7:24 - Craig Swanson So, and actually let me, uh, you know, I'll show you a couple of things and I'll send you a link to this. Um, and, uh, and you can play with it a little bit. Um, Well, let's just start with the basics. I'm just going to just select the existing playbook. So this is, this is not anything new, but this is just your existing playbook. And I am going to do a copy blogger style course page. So create a course page and the style copy blogger, write it in the first person voice of the instructor, but don't say their name, be warm, welcoming and speak to the audience as fellow creators on the same journey as themselves. I should probably change that creators is kind of specific, but I think it would work in this case.

8:03 - Craig Swanson And then it is bundling up all of this. And this is like the thing that's kind of like shifted is I'm able to basically give a tremendous amount of content into for the context for these things.

8:28 - Craig Swanson And we'll just let it go and then there'll be a download button at the bottom.

8:32 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

8:38 - Jim Huffman Very cool.

8:42 - Jim Huffman Oh, yeah, this is exciting. I mean, what I'm thinking through now is like, how can I record like a version of this just to get you the raw materials, right?

8:51 - Craig Swanson Well, that's actually what I was thinking.

8:55 - Craig Swanson Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, so really it's just a matter of time and audience for that. So let's, let's, um, let me, let me run through a couple of things, like give you the links that you can do with this. Um, let me see here.

9:13 - Craig Swanson I am going to select the conversations we've had. I'm going to select the playbook. I'm going to click blog post, write a blog post. And the first person from the instructor use their phrases, styles, write about Jim's vision of a, of GMOS, the growth marketing, uh, Operating system, you know This is a pre This is a vision blog post don't announce Availability Nice and so then what it'll do just based on the prompt is it will come up with three headlines and They'll it'll pick what it thinks is the best headline and then it'll write a blog post for that Man. So why GM is GM? GMOS is a game changer for growth marketing.

10:29 - Jim Huffman I like this. That's so cool. It's like three. OK, I have an opinion. Here's the third or the winner.

10:43 - Craig Swanson I'm going to give you this.

10:44 - Jim Huffman I mean, there's stuff and I'm like, yep, that's pretty.

10:56 - Craig Swanson When it's all done. Oh, I guess it's not done yet.

11:19 - Craig Swanson I'm going to click download. And then I'm just going to open that download file so you can see what happens when you download it. When you download it, this is what the text file looks like, So it basically gives you the full output. And then it'll also include the original prompt, which I love. Because actually, in my world, I used to have these long script notes of all the words that have been written. At this point, I'm basically just capturing the prompts that are working best for me.

11:45 - Jim Huffman Oh, interesting. Yeah. It's like having a bank of those is probably the most valuable thing.

11:50 - Craig Swanson And then if you're interested, it's giving you a list of all the files that were part of that conversation.

11:55 - Jim Huffman That's awesome. Are those conversations we had or is that for me talking about the growth marketing operating system term?

12:03 - Craig Swanson Those are the conversations that you and I have had. This is my naming convention. It's the date we had the conversation and then I don't put myself in the list because that's basically who I had the conversation with. I have a separate system where I'm just feeding in all of my stuff.

12:19 - Craig Swanson I have another bank of these types of things for my, for my zoom conversations that will automatically do follow up emails, project summaries, proposals, things like that.

12:28 - Jim Huffman I love it that it, cause it knows the context of what we were talking about.

12:35 - Craig Swanson Okay. Let's look at this, um, list all, uh, list the key similarities, uh, differences, differences and similarities.

12:51 - Craig Swanson between the existing growth marketing playbook and Jim's vision of GMOS.

13:08 - Jim Huffman Oh, wow.

13:20 - Craig Swanson I was actually surprised. So it's possible to overload this, in which case we'd get an error, but we haven't hit that limit yet. So I was actually expecting to hit that limit. So you have to be a little more selective on some of these things.

13:30 - Jim Huffman Oh, yeah.

13:42 - Jim Huffman Yeah, yeah. Pretty good.

13:46 - Craig Swanson So the similarities, I mean, you know, here we go, there we go.

13:48 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

14:16 - Craig Swanson Yeah, well, there's some stuff in there where like picked up on the nuance on that. That's interesting.

14:21 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

14:23 - Craig Swanson I mean, and you know, there's a lot of refinement. I'm just like, I'm just dumping everything in. Yeah.

14:31 - Craig Swanson And let's see here.

14:33 - Jim Huffman And it's really like if it's getting like audio to text, getting text files for it to crawl as opposed to like visuals. Because what I'm thinking through is, yeah, how we arm this. Like one, I could do like a whole just video series where I quickly go through it just for the purpose of this. The byproduct could be even marketing collateral.

15:00 - Jim Huffman Or if it's really just in the text file, it could be writing it out.

15:06 - Craig Swanson Are you a writer? So what is the easier form for you?

15:11 - Jim Huffman I'm finding more that it's audio. I just go so much faster when I can talk it out and have it being transcribed. So yeah, I'd say it's more audio now.

15:26 - Craig Swanson I'm gonna do one more to let it just process while we go. I'm gonna just do a course page in the style of Fuck Jerry. Because actually sometimes that comes up as really good stuff.

15:40 - Jim Huffman It gives you that like killer headline that you're searching for.

15:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

15:54 - Craig Swanson So, um, all right.

15:59 - Craig Swanson If you're looking for the best way to basically talk out the content and, um, all right, let's just start with the basics. A zoom call where you basically walk through it. It's like the basics of what you need.

16:13 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Okay.

16:15 - Craig Swanson And if you're gonna do that, is it a, do you think it's one initial Zoom call? Do you think it is a, like, do you think it's a number of Zoom calls? Maybe it's just you start with just one Zoom call.

16:26 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I think it'll be a couple different ones where I can go deep on a few different parts. And honestly, I have like all the frameworks I want. What I'm thinking through is and how I present and do a talk for like for the EO talk, the order of how I put it out there. But I have all the content I could just dump. I'm really trying to understand the flow on how I want to do it.

16:50 - Craig Swanson Well, what would, okay. So we could, you know, we could just set it up and you could just dump to me like that. Like we could, you can dump to yourself. You could dump to me. We could set up a group of people. You may have realigned it up. We could actually use as a marketing opportunity to be a little more aggressive. So, um, kind of depends on who you want to present to.

17:11 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I mean, I can even do like one dry one, or one test one, even just by myself, where I could just dump it all for the purposes of this. And then that might even help me work out the kinks. And then we could think through, okay, where do we go next? Unless you think that's a waste of a swing, and even that should be used for something.

17:38 - Craig Swanson When you, if you were going to do it dry, how, how much do you do recording yourself, uh, without an audience?

17:47 - Jim Huffman Not, not much, I would say.

17:50 - Craig Swanson Um, so I think the challenge with me as an audience is I probably know too much at this point. Yeah. Um, the, the audience, I think, well, what I suspect will have the, the reason I like an audience is you are going to be watching their face for understanding.

18:07 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

18:09 - Craig Swanson And if you were doing it for yourself, you're not watching a face for understanding. So you might be just like glossing over stuff without realizing, because it makes perfect sense to you. And honestly, when you do it by yourself, a lot of times it's kind of like just you're not talking to anybody. You're not trying to convey any information. You're more just like trying to outline your thoughts, which, while useful, is not actually kind of like putting you into teacher mode.

18:37 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

18:39 - Jim Huffman Um, yeah, I could try and like, I could do it as a podcast, um, as like a piece of content to put out there. I could do like a live webinar trying to think, but then it's like, okay, you gotta drive people.

18:56 - Craig Swanson Actually. So let's talk about that. Let's, if you're going to do as a podcast, if you're going to do as a podcast, how would you, how, how would you record this as a podcast?

19:02 - Jim Huffman If that were your soul, if that was your sole goal, Yeah, it's I'd be outlining it and then I'd be doing it on Zen caster. I potentially it could be good as a YouTube series or YouTube content. So because there's lots of visuals that I think can be helpful so people can grasp it. But yeah, I would I just be doing some prep work if it's visuals, if it's the outline of the script. And then, yeah, I'd be doing it on Zen cast. I could do it on Zoom as well.

19:33 - Craig Swanson And then if you're going to do it on Zencaster, would you just do it yourself? It would just be you. You're just basically prepping it for a podcast.

19:39 - Jim Huffman Exactly. Yeah.

19:42 - Craig Swanson I mean, I, so how is your production schedule for podcasting? Could you do it for podcasting and then not feel the need to release it that week?

19:54 - Jim Huffman Totally. Yeah. I could try and do it like this Friday or next week. Yeah.

20:00 - Craig Swanson I mean, if you, if you did that, you'd be getting content for the podcast.

20:06 - Jim Huffman Um, and

20:15 - Craig Swanson Sorry, I'll continue saying, I was judging what I was saying. And then we could potentially stand up a sign up page for people based on that. So that was why I was asking about timing and all that. It's like basically you could do it and then you could have a page for people to sign up to get more.

20:36 - Jim Huffman Yeah, we can record it and then once we have a sign up page ready, then we could release it. Yeah.

20:44 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I'm game with that. I guess what I'm thinking through, like, because how do I want to give everything on that podcast, knowing that we're then going to package it and sell it later. But then they'd be getting more. They're getting like templates and assets.

21:01 - Craig Swanson Well, and also, you probably can't cover everything. If you can cover everything in 60 minutes or in whatever 45 a podcast is, and the existing playbook, has, I didn't look at it, but probably about what, six hours worth of video or four to six hours worth of

21:21 - Unidentified Speaker video?

21:21 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

21:23 - Craig Swanson And I don't know if the growth marketing operating system has more content or less, cause it could be streamlined, but like, you know, it, I don't think you could give it all away in a podcast and I wouldn't be afraid of giving it all away in a podcast.

21:37 - Jim Huffman Okay. Cool.

21:38 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

21:39 - Jim Huffman You know, I do it because, like, if I want to go suit and that's another question I had is with a thing we're actually selling. And maybe the answer is it depends and it doesn't matter, but it's like, How long should it be if it is a course or a workshop? Cause I know you kind of talked about if you're doing like the live workshop, it goes like, it's like five different sessions or five to seven. But that's another thing I was thinking there was like, how much, how much content is there here? Cause I can always stretch it longer by pulling in more examples or case studies are going deeper on certain parts. But that's something that I was kind of thinking through.

22:25 - Craig Swanson I would say, um, I mean, it, it all depends on price point. So it all depends on price point and really like what people are saying that they want in some, in some pre survey stuff. So basically it depends on who we're solving and how much you're solving.

22:40 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

22:41 - Craig Swanson Um, But the lower the price point, basically, the lower the price point, the volume doesn't matter. So ironically, it's not lower the price point, less information is needed. Literally, the lower the price point. Once you get below a certain price point, people's purchases are based on their need, not the actual delivery of the solution.

23:04 - Craig Swanson And so if you offer a 60-minute solution or you offer a 60-hour solution, for the most part, they're buying based on their need. They're not actually buying based on the solution.

23:18 - Craig Swanson When you start to get up to higher price points in the multiple thousand dollars or potentially tens of thousands of dollars, then you're looking at more of a delivery system that has some sense of likelihood of success for them.

23:37 - Jim Huffman Okay.

23:37 - Craig Swanson Um, and from, and then probably then you have some sense of like a delivery system over five weeks or six weeks and you know, maybe provide the content, but then they're, what they're getting also is kind of a push, a pressure structure for them to actually implement. And so sometimes you don't need more content as much as you need them to submit their work and react to it.

24:00 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Gotcha.

24:03 - Jim Huffman Cause that's the other thing I was like with what we actually deliver. Like how much is it of me giving exercises and things for them to do? Um, verse me just kind of teaching and, and then talking about the content, I think at the lower price, it doesn't really matter at the low price.

24:21 - Craig Swanson It doesn't really matter at the higher price. So if you think about, so did you hire an EOS, um, integrator?

24:28 - Jim Huffman We did. Yeah.

24:30 - Craig Swanson Um, okay. Are you paying that person? Cause you're, you're paying that person, uh, 30 to $45,000 a year, right?

24:37 - Jim Huffman Well, we don't, we use them just to get it kicked off for like the first 90 days and then we implemented after that.

24:43 - Craig Swanson Okay. So for the first 90 days, whatever, like five, you have three times. So you paid like $10,000, right?

24:50 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Okay.

24:54 - Craig Swanson What information did they cover that wasn't in the books? They covered some.

24:58 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

24:59 - Craig Swanson But, but not that much.

25:04 - Jim Huffman Yeah. They're more of it. It's like, you already know the information. They're just holding your hand and guiding you through it and giving some tips and best practices and some warning signs.

25:14 - Craig Swanson And then reacting to what you're doing and seeing that you're doing the work.

25:17 - Jim Huffman Yeah, absolutely. The reaction's key.

25:20 - Craig Swanson Mm-hmm. So yeah, so there's this world in which you could attempt to give them everything. I mean, if you can give them everything in a one-hour podcast, like it may be, you know, what you can probably do is you can probably give a good outline of what the thing is.

25:35 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I can give an outline of everything, and then there's, yeah, then it's like certain parts I'll go deep, certain parts I can hit on, but maybe it's more surface level.

25:44 - Craig Swanson Mm-hmm. And then, you know, if we had, let's say we had a mastermind of 10 to 12 people, let's say it was 10 to 12 people and they're paying...

25:55 - Craig Swanson Let's say, just for arbitrary starting place, let's say they're paying $10,000 a piece. And it is, whatever, four weeks, six weeks, whatever it is. There's a world in which the content's already recorded. Basically, so this week we're gonna focus on, actually, you know what? I don't know.

26:15 - Craig Swanson Outline, oh, I need to download first.

26:22 - Craig Swanson Outline a six-week version of the geo, of course, Jim is envisioning, give a description for each week what is being covered, and more importantly, what the people, participants, to create for their own business each week for review. And ton of spelling errors in there, but I'm not going to fix them.

27:12 - Jim Huffman Chad JBT is smart.

27:13 - Unidentified Speaker Yep.

27:17 - Craig Swanson Yeah. So like there's this world in which basically there's this list of homework that they have to do around their brand. And then you are just responding and reacting to what they have done.

27:28 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

27:29 - Craig Swanson And that is both a forcing function for them to do it. And then it's also basically like some consulting.

27:35 - Jim Huffman Your analogy of the iOS implementer really, really drives it home. That's super helpful as far as going up, as far as raising price, how it's not about selling. They're buying because of a problem. At that point, they're buying for the solution. That makes total sense.

27:57 - Craig Swanson And then for me, I think it'd be interesting. I mean, for me, when I think about this, If there was this world in which we had this place for to be able to capture their market information, either, either interviews with them, their own team talking about stuff like interviews with clients, whatever it is like this pile of stuff. And then we're able to basically create like prompts that help them get some sense of that from what they've got.

28:21 - Jim Huffman Mm-hmm.

28:23 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Having the raw data of their feedback and their words. Yeah. That would be very, very useful.

28:31 - Craig Swanson Oh, I was actually for us. Yes. But I actually think about for them, like they, like your job is to create. X, you know, this week. So for, you know, and I, and like, I'll just go to your thing here. Um, a use case ad for the playbook, you know, we've just got, depending on what it is they're working on, we can set up something where if we have their inputs and some prompts, we can basically say, Hey, here's some AI tools that can help get you thinking about this stuff.

28:56 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

29:12 - Craig Swanson All right, so it's 1230. Let's see if we can come back to tangible deliverables.

29:23 - Jim Huffman I think for me, maybe by next Friday, I have a recording of the workshop of the framework. It can be raw. I probably still will do video to have show slides, and then we can use that as a podcast. It could be a YouTube video, but now we're going to have the raw assets to be able to put in here to make marketing materials, emails, landing pages, everything, right?

29:55 - Craig Swanson Yep. Perfect. And actually, do you have, do you know what the slide deck looks like, or is that something that would be a forcing function? You'd actually figure out what you need to put in that slide deck.

30:04 - Jim Huffman It's a forcing function. I have some ideas, but yeah.

30:09 - Craig Swanson All right. And then you'd record, so if, okay, if you did that, and actually we'll just say it because I'll write, I'll have my AI just like write a follow-up to us on what we're delivering based on this Zoom conversation.

30:20 - Jim Huffman Yeah, perfect.

30:26 - Craig Swanson By X date, what is it, what's date?

30:30 - Jim Huffman What date would that be? So by, where's the calendar? All right, so by the 14th.

30:41 - Craig Swanson by the 14th of June, which is a week from Friday. You'll have a recording of you with a slide deck, basically giving a outline overview with as much detail as possible in the timeframe of what the GMOS system is and how it works.

31:01 - Jim Huffman Yeah, absolutely.

31:05 - Craig Swanson And that recording will include the slide deck and you talking about the individual slides.

31:09 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

31:10 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I'm not sure how much of the, I might wait on exercises. I can maybe have exercises in there. I'll have some exercises.

31:19 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

31:21 - Craig Swanson Like what's the, what's an example of an exercise?

31:25 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Like for, so for the ANA, I'm having them do one where I'm saying, build a growth calendar, and it's for B2B growth marketing, and the growth calendar, talk to me around what are your always-on channels, what are your marketing moments you're gonna do for the year, the expected budget with it, and then how much pipeline you expect it to drive and when. And then having them present that growth calendar and how they factored in seasonality, buying cycle, and present it. So that's like one example.

32:00 - Craig Swanson I love that.

32:03 - Jim Huffman I have one that I'm like, I'm calling it how to 10 X, like 10 X and 10 minutes where we do an exercise of what are your leverage points in your business and how can you tweak the dial to not have a 10% change. But a 10X change, right? And so I'm trying to do examples like with Neat, a leverage point is inventory, but like, we're going to start doing pre-sells to allow us to grow. Like with GrowthHit, we're actually changing our sales and delivery model of, instead of taking our close time from 45 days, how can we do in 48 hours by selling a one-time growth assessment as opposed to, that's like a grand, as opposed to selling something for 10 grand. So anyway, I'm trying to do that. I'm still like flushing it out, but I'm obsessed right now with like, what are the leverage points in a system that can get you to that next thing? So that's an exercise I'm trying to put together.

33:03 - Craig Swanson Yeah. I love it. There is this world. Okay. So I'm just going to, I'm just going to like riff back a little bit and this is where we're going to in theory space, but, um, So let's use EOS as an example. You had the three onboarding sessions with your implementer. And I'm trying to think here, I don't think there was the expectation that you were walking in with any homework done. So basically, I think- So I think the way they structured that, which is wise, I think, on their point, you walked in without the expectation of homework having been done free, and then they basically walked you through getting certain key outputs done by the end of the session. And then if you were to go through, you could list those key outputs. On session one, one of the key outputs is the organizational chart or the accountability chart and people stepping into that. And that's probably like 80% of the value from that first session is basically defining roles. And I really like, if you think about it, like what else did you do there? Like you may have been introduced to a level one meeting, but I think for the most part, it was all organizational chart stuff, wasn't it?

34:23 - Jim Huffman man you may I wish I had those on call because you're right and it's so funny because I I think I'm gonna like over complicate over deliver on some of these it's almost like you need to slow slow it down it's like what's your org chart what's your scorecard you know it's like those core basic things um Yeah, it was like the, uh, I think it was the org chart to start. And that, and sorry to like, like, that's what I'm trying to figure out now is I'm, I've been devouring our little EOS workbook. Um, if you can see here that they gave us and it has the order of how we got onboarded and I'm trying to apply that this I'm like, what's the, the right flow of this.

35:10 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And actually, right. And I've got one of those books too. So, If you think about it that way, think about what if the value of the weeks were not on the information you were providing, but it was on the output that they were going to create for their business.

35:31 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

35:34 - Craig Swanson And There's really two ways of structuring that is one, the education can be a forcing function to get them to do that output before they come to the session and then you're reacting to it.

35:49 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

35:50 - Craig Swanson Or two, it can be so. Focused and clear and achievable in the time frame of a session, whether that session is an hour, 90 minutes, three hours, that they could basically come in not really having done a bunch of pre-work and be able to get to that point.

36:09 - Jim Huffman Yeah, it's like a working session versus reviewing their homework, right?

36:14 - Craig Swanson And I think both are fine. I think both are valuable.

36:20 - Craig Swanson Although when you are reviewing their work, there is more opportunity for them to basically pause the program because they're not ready.

36:31 - Craig Swanson And if you think about it for EOS, in addition to getting results for you in a business, they're also getting results for themselves in business. They're basically like removing these blockers that could keep you, like could basically get you to a place where you're canceling the meeting.

36:45 - Jim Huffman Oh, gotcha. Just because the implementer cares about retention to stay on, right?

36:49 - Craig Swanson It's kind of what you're getting at, yeah. Exactly. So if basically, if it was necessary for you to do a whole bunch of work before that session, then there's a good chance you would cancel that session because, oh, I didn't get that quite right.

37:03 - Craig Swanson And really like so for an information product like if you have a large so I would say and I would say the pricing kind of like very so the ironic thing is The one where it's more on your shoulders as the presenter to basically like review their homework and like teach them is that actually has a probably a lower chance of completion on their end. And as a result, like you may be able to charge a really high price, but you're going to charge a higher price potentially for something that is more about doing the work product together.

37:36 - Jim Huffman Interesting. Yeah.

37:40 - Jim Huffman Where do you think this lands on the overall pricing? And maybe there's different levels too, right? Because with EOS, you can buy the book or you can get the implementer. I mean, they could have, maybe they do have an in-between of just a course you walk through.

37:57 - Jim Huffman And maybe, yeah, where are you?

37:59 - Jim Huffman I mean, it really could be anywhere in there. It could be a $19 TED Talk. It could be a $19. It could be free. So it could be a free thing. It could be a $19 thing. It could be a $250 month mastermind retainer. It could be $10,000 a month mastermind retainer.

38:18 - Craig Swanson It could be a really in-depth process. It could even be where the homework needs to be done each week, or whatever the timing. Maybe it's a month, maybe it's a week. You have to look at what the results you need are. And you could potentially put a team on it. They are going to come in with this pre-work having been done before our event, the next step, and that is going to be both their team and also one of your admins from GrowthHitch, who is basically going to be working with them to do the work with them, either do the work for them or with them, or basically get them ready for that.

39:03 - Craig Swanson And then on some level, um, how different is this from, from what, like, how different is this from like hiring growth hit? Um, on some level, could the same meeting basically happen except growth hit at reporting what they've done?

39:18 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

39:21 - Jim Huffman there's definitely a world where like we could a growth that could help with some of the strategy and then the execution so yeah there's that's the other amazing thing it's like oh wow we we helped build your growth plan okay you guys can do that oh you need help here oh by the way we have an agency that specializes in that type of work or service or test that's yeah and and we can't tell you that about this ahead of time like For me, this is a huge top of funnel play where obviously I want like this to work as a standalone entity, but then the, the ricochet of it flowing to grow fit is, is interesting. And one kind of side note, I went to a Vistage event. It was like the big Vistage Seattle event. There's a lot of people there. It was interesting. I was there as a guest. One of our clients is a Vistage guy.

40:05 - Craig Swanson That's right. It was, it actually was just, yeah, you, the guy that you had suggested to like talk at the same time we were doing the EOS thing.

40:15 - Jim Huffman I was blown away at how good they were for their vendors. So he was a vendor there, EOS was a vendor. They basically were giving away prizes and to enter the giveaway, you had to go talk to every vendor, do like vendor bingo. And then every vendor had a talk during breakfast or lunch and his talk, it was a full room. There's probably like a hundred people in there. And he's like, he got good deal flow and business from it. Part of me is like, Man, is that worth either through EO or Vistage if we get signals here for to like take that bet, get a booth, try and get in that room, do a talk if we know the content works.

40:56 - Jim Huffman And we have a high enough price point thing of implementers because that's the right audience to be in front of Because that's the other thing that I'm honing in on is who's that ideal persona and like how EOS it's like, you know, you know, kind of like founder led teams that are trying to graduate from that. And I'm thinking it's pretty similar where it's, you know, you don't have a 20 person growth team. You have a small marketing team and the founders probably still involved. Right. And you're trying to level up.

41:24 - Craig Swanson Exactly.

41:26 - Jim Huffman Sorry, side tangent, but that's something I was, as I was observing that Vistage event, I was like, this is very, very interesting.

41:34 - Craig Swanson That's one of the differences between EO and a for-profit company like Vistage.

41:40 - Jim Huffman Oh, interesting. Yeah, I guess that is the core difference, right?

41:43 - Craig Swanson Yeah. It may not be the only difference, but my guess is that the leadership team of Vistage does not change up every year, and they're a little more incentivized to...

41:54 - Jim Huffman Yeah Yeah, they want their vendors making money coming back not to say that yo doesn't It definitely you know, I think had a better cult like feel with it with the camaraderie Yeah, that's true.

42:08 - Craig Swanson Okay. Yeah Okay, I had a question um you had let me Stop that share You have share screen this.

42:53 - Craig Swanson So I don't know if this was part of the playbook. I'm actually not sure if this is part of the playbook or something you sent me separately.

43:00 - Jim Huffman Yeah, this is a separate thing. This is a little set of I was working on in the past.

43:06 - Jim Huffman Is this a pitch deck for GrowthHip?

43:10 - Jim Huffman We have these smaller clients that we do some things for, where when we do slides like this, it really resonates. And that arrow in the trapezoid is messed up, that kills me. But yeah, this is something we do. We help early stage startups with a specific service, and that's what this is for.

43:31 - Craig Swanson So where does this fit in terms of growth? Who pays to see this or how do you use this as a sales tool? How does this relate to the GMOS product?

43:47 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so this growth and this really never came to life. Like what we end up doing with this is we're like, hey, you can't afford our expensive retainers. What we can do is like a one time growth plan and audit you pay for. And then you can execute it yourself. Or you can hire us to do it. Or if you don't like it, you get your money back. And then for us to do it, you just buy $2,000 worth of hours and we can help you. And that's what's more palatable for them. And usually we kind of already know like, okay, your positioning's off. You have a horrible website that doesn't convert. You don't know how to stand up ads. And we kind of roll those things out in a phased approach.

44:31 - Craig Swanson So how does that phased approach compare to, if we're going to lay this approach side by side with what you want to teach in GMOS, how do they relate to each other?

44:43 - Jim Huffman Yeah, this is pretty tactical and specific almost on like how to stand up a funnel or a website, right? Of website ads, email flows. The growth marketing operating system is more of like, I'm just like a chicken with my head cut off. I'm trying ads. I'm trying TikTok. It's not really thoughtful and strategic. I'm flatlining help. I'm like, all right, you need a system for running growth, right? So it's more of the system, the framework of how you run growth and prioritize. Whereas this is more like, okay, you're just getting started. Let us stand up this core funnel for you. Okay.

45:28 - Jim Huffman So this is more specific to standing, like using our services of ads, website development, and design, whereas the growth marketing operating system is a system to run growth.

45:41 - Craig Swanson Yeah. For this, do you have any recordings of you walking a person or an audience through this?

45:48 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I think I do, actually. Let me see if I can get that for you. Yeah.

45:57 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I definitely do.

46:02 - Craig Swanson Because to some degree also, cause I'm collecting all this stuff. I don't need it to be all right on target for GMOS.

46:10 - Craig Swanson Okay.

46:11 - Craig Swanson Um, so like we've got now the, uh, pretty much all the content for the playbook. And that's in there. If you've got this and whether it's an hour or two hours or even if it's like multiple versions of the same thing.

46:37 - Craig Swanson Because there's this world in which I look at this and I go, OK, well, you're using this to sell them $2,000 growth hit services.

46:47 - Craig Swanson Could this be a $2,000 product?

46:53 - Jim Huffman I'm totally fine to test like this. This is a little bit more on the execution side. And there's a certain persona that needs this. We have a whole client that we get or we have a partner that feeds us companies where they just like launch a new hoodie or something. Hoodie for cats. And they know nothing about setting up a website or whatever. And, and we like, like in their mind, we are geniuses, but we're just like doing the basic stuff, but it's not a huge, um, uh, we'll probably make like five or 10 grand from them over the lifetime.

47:32 - Craig Swanson All right. So, so this one sounds like the growth program, like, like does this page kind of like your growth programs, just kind of basically the seven steps for this approach, how to validate if your company is ready to grow.

47:45 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

47:46 - Craig Swanson Um, how to craft a unique value proposition, how to create an activation offer.

47:52 - Craig Swanson Yeah.

47:53 - Craig Swanson How to stand up a funnel, how to build your growth model, a launch strategy, and then your 12 month growth tactics.

48:02 - Jim Huffman Exactly.

48:02 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

48:03 - Craig Swanson Is this now you haven't really, like, this was an idea that sounds like it never really found its way to market or did like, like you, Yeah, we never really like pushed it out because multiple reasons.

48:17 - Jim Huffman One, we just got busy with their own stuff to have shiny object syndrome. And three, we just didn't have the the right energy behind it.

48:25 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

48:29 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I mean, an ad behind it or anything.

48:37 - Jim Huffman I mean, you can even be like, do you think something like this would sell better than the growth marketing operating system? Or maybe it's testing both? Because this could even be, sorry to interrupt, but this is almost like you have the system for growth. And then I'm calling them like toolkits or playbooks, where it's like, hey, it's a playbook from like going from idea to standing something up, right? This could be, you know, a part of it.

49:06 - Craig Swanson I think this might sell more as a solution.

49:15 - Craig Swanson I don't know. But the reason I ask is, if you've got a recording of this, if you've got a recording of what this thing is, and I could throw it in there, I'd be curious where this overlaps. And if the growth marketing operating system is less tactical, I'm trying to think here, I tend to think in a certain price point, like tactics, okay, what do you think the difference between tactics and strategy is? Is growth marketing operating system, I'm not clear, if the thing here is tactics, what is the growth operating system, growth marketing operating system?

49:57 - Jim Huffman Yeah, it's more frameworks, right? On how to build a growth plan, how to run your team, how to get the most out of a team, how to build a strategy.

50:10 - Jim Huffman Whereas this is pretty tactical on like, hey, I need to turn this thing into this idea into a business. You know, help me help me like, you know, start from the basics of ground one to get a live and get traffic and make it work.

50:29 - Craig Swanson All right. Actually, that is super helpful. That is super helpful.

50:32 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And so this is like early stage, not sophisticated, whereas the growth marketing operating system, you're live, you're in the wild, you're doing some things in marketing and you're trying to level up.

50:47 - Craig Swanson One of the things that EOS is kind of like narrowed itself is basically, you know, kind of like one of the rules of thumb is you need to have 10 employees for it to really make sense. I mean, which is not entirely true, but like, that's kind of like one of the ways of positioning.

51:00 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

51:01 - Craig Swanson Um, So it sounds like the growth marketing operating system is more of a framework for someone that's more sophisticated that actually has an understanding of the individual elements and is not figuring out how to get the overall mix correct.

51:19 - Jim Huffman Yeah, correct. It's like you're doing seven figures, you have a team and you're trying to figure it out. Whereas this is like you have an idea and you're trying to get it live.

51:28 - Craig Swanson I don't know.

51:35 - Craig Swanson The idea and trying to get it live, I think I might have an easier understanding how to craft the pitch for that and get someone to a purchase button sooner.

51:49 - Craig Swanson If I look at this, these seven stages, where are they in the growth marketing? So like, are they one tactic? Is this like all centered in like the first step of the growth marketing operating system? Is it kind of spread across it?

52:06 - Jim Huffman It's spread across, but it's essentially all there. I mean, the only thing like, yeah, like validating, like where, yeah, that's in a unique value prop, that's in the positioning and strategy section, same with the offer. Stand up a funnel and a shoestring budget. Yes and no, that gets pretty tactical on like what a website or a webpage should look like and in ads, where I'm kind of thinking through, could that be a part of the toolkit of a growth market operating system? Building your growth models in there, launch strategy would be a tool in your toolkit. And then the 12 month growth engine is the growth calendar. So there's lots of overlap.

52:51 - Craig Swanson Okay, cool. Um, I'm gonna I'm gonna stop the share on that but It looked like you were typing some things into an online thing. We able to find a video for that Wait for the growth program. Yeah.

53:06 - Jim Huffman Oh, no. I actually just wrote it down as a note to find it I'm trying to think what I did to Techstars that was along these lines. Let me do some digging. I feel like, I mean, there's a world I could even like record it in addition to the growth marketing operating system just so we have it because I do think it's worth doing this right.

53:33 - Jim Huffman It's two totally different personas to go after. If I did that talk at EO about the growth program one, I don't think it'd be as interesting because people are like, I've already done that, been there. I do think growth market operating system works. However, The masses, that growth program probably aligns more if we're trying to go bigger. I do, yeah, but they probably don't have the budget like some of the bigger companies would for the GMOS.

54:09 - Craig Swanson Well, the way we're pricing a lot, I mean, like we haven't really talked pricing for GMOS. Yeah.

54:23 - Craig Swanson Do you, yeah, if I, okay, so what do you think the odds are you're gonna be able to find a video? I'm just trying to get a sense of like,

54:31 - Jim Huffman It's sad. I should know this better. I'm called 45% chance, 50% chance. Okay.

54:38 - Craig Swanson So not, not, not a, I mean, you know, you delivered it, you know, you deliver it in front of zoom, but you don't know where it is or if it is still a thing that exists.

54:47 - Jim Huffman Potentially. Yeah. I'm trying to see like in tech stars, how much of it I use. So yeah.

54:53 - Craig Swanson Okay. Um.

55:06 - Craig Swanson All right. Which do you want to do? I don't want you to do two things. So by next Friday or, you know, by, by, by a week from Friday, um, recording of GMO GMOS. Um, and if it's available, sending me this, but otherwise not really looking at the growth program right now.

55:22 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I can also like record some, I know that like the back of my hand, to be honest, like it's not, I could pull that off. So I'm down to potentially do both.

55:37 - Craig Swanson I'm just following my instincts. I'm just following my instincts. I think if I could pick between one or the other in a narrow timeframe, I'd be attracted to seeing the growth program. The growth program feels like something that would be a quicker to market thing with, with, um, some of the things that you are phrasing it, that seemed like maybe like make it less attractive to you, which is that it's,

56:07 - Craig Swanson I mean, it's basic or simple or straightforward or like, you know, it is executionally pretty straightforward. Um, um, I don't think it precludes the larger program. In fact, it could be a stepping stone to the larger program, but it might be, it feels a little more tangible in terms of what it's promising and what's delivering.

56:31 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

56:33 - Jim Huffman Yeah, because one thing I was wrestling with is like, you go focused on, you know, go from idea to business. Or is it like, how do you get to seven figures? This is the path. Or you could go specific to e-commerce Shopify, like turning your idea into a real e-commerce Shopify site that makes money. There's a few different ways to do it, or you keep it high level and it's the growth program. Turn your idea to something that can make seven figures.

57:06 - Craig Swanson How would you feel if I asked for a recording of this instead of the growth marketing system?

57:11 - Jim Huffman I'm fine. I mean, I am the more excited about the growth marketing operating system, but it's funny as you showed that I just look at that. I'm like another example of me having idea and like working on it and like moving on to the next thing and never got it to do. And so I'd love to actually test that.

57:27 - Craig Swanson I feel that I feel that I'm struggling with this myself right now. Um, I'd love it if you had the magic answer on how you stay focused.

57:40 - Jim Huffman Oh my gosh. Yeah. We literally just launched the website. We realized, oh no, that's not the right thing to market. I'm like, I got to like keep myself in check stuff.

57:50 - Craig Swanson You have to go at one, right?

57:52 - Jim Huffman Uh, I can go over a little bit, but yeah.

57:54 - Craig Swanson Could you just very quickly, so I'm going to share this again. So you see the screen. Um, can you just, for me, uh, share, share screen.

58:09 - Craig Swanson Can you just quickly describe what is the point and purpose of each of these seven steps, and what do I have to have in my hand to know that I've done it?

58:22 - Jim Huffman Okay. Yeah. Um, yeah. How to validate your company is even ready to grow. It's like too many times people will just throw money at ads. It's like, wait, are you even ready? So it's like, do you actually have a product worth selling and not necessarily be better, but you know, your point of differentiation, a website, can you have a channel that works to drive traffic? And then it's like, let's figure out where to go. And then it's like, okay, step two.

58:48 - Craig Swanson Um, so before, before you leave, step one is step one, like a checklist of like, like, like the, like here, here's just like the ante, the, the, the table settings, like here's the basics checklist. Are you in a position to grow or are you evaluating whether you have a product that's growable? Like, are you evaluating scalability or are you just evaluating fundamentals?

59:09 - Jim Huffman I think it's fundamental. You're evaluating if you should even focus on growth or you need to make sure you have something worth growing.

59:17 - Craig Swanson Got it. Can you take somebody's money? If you take somebody's money, can you deliver them something? Yeah. And if you deliver them something, are they going to sue you because you didn't deliver them something? Yes. Because if those are all no, then we probably don't want to worry about growth right now.

59:33 - Jim Huffman Yes, yeah, exactly right. Yeah. And I actually have a few questions, but we can even like whittle it down to like what that would be. The second one, unique value prop, we have, it's like an exercise you go through to uncover the customer key benefit point of differentiation. And then the third activation offer, you know, five core things you need to figure out that you can do to create urgency and give them a no brainer offer. Fourth is, okay, standing up that funnel on a shoestring budget, which is, where are you driving the traffic? What is this page? One page website? Pre-sale sales, whatever. And then what is that traffic source? Usually social ads or Google ads, um, building a growth model, maximize your tiny budget. It's basically a model where you're like, okay, how much does it cost to make the product? What am I selling for? What are the margins? Okay. How much can I actually invest in growth?

1:00:30 - Craig Swanson Um, is that actually, is that actually like a, at the end result of that, do I have like a, a very basic performer or a very basic, like, uh, you know, costs, expenses, like spreadsheet that basically tells me how I make my money back?

1:00:47 - Jim Huffman Essentially, it's like your tax ceiling on what it could be. And then based on an investment, when that payback would be. So knowing that you're going to have to make an investment, ideally getting a payback in 90 days or 180 days. A launch strategy is a very clear checklist of pre-launch, launch, post-launch, and what to do factoring in a limited budget. And then finally, post-launch, guess what? People go away, you need to bring them back. So basically countering out your 12 months based on always-on channels versus your marketing moments and what you're doing each month or week. To kind of hit those goals. So there's lots of core deliverables with each of these.

1:01:33 - Craig Swanson So this feels to me like it is really This is basically five key steps, value proposition, activation offer, funnel, your understanding of CAC and growth model, and then basically launch strategy. Those five things buttressed by kind of a checklist at the beginning that basically says, are you ready to pull those five things? And then a follow-up that basically says, okay, now that you've successfully done that, That's step one. And now let's talk like longer term stuff. Here's a big list of all the things you might want to consider, each of which could trigger a bunch of other needs.

1:02:10 - Jim Huffman Exactly right. Yeah.

1:02:13 - Craig Swanson So it's a five step, basically, when you have something that you can sell and that you can deliver, there's a five step process to basically get a marketing strategy out into the field with a launch and a funnel.

1:02:30 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I like the way you're wording it, yes.

1:02:39 - Craig Swanson Then in your mind, there'd be a list of things that the growth hit could do to solve these problems, but also you found getting $2,000 prepayment and then have to work it off in time and materials, that sounds like a crappy business. It's just not very enthusiastic.

1:02:59 - Jim Huffman Yeah, well, there's, I care about retention. I want to like close something.

1:03:03 - Craig Swanson You want to, you want to be there for them when they, when they're able to spend more, you want to be there in step seven when they're actually like up and running.

1:03:09 - Jim Huffman Yeah, this works better as like a one to many rather than a one to one.

1:03:14 - Craig Swanson Um, I think so too.

1:03:15 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And the other thing, like, like neat, literally did this exact playbook where I could do a case study where it's like, here's how we took this site, went from a 0.6 conversion rate to a four conversion rate, got the AOV from 60 to a hundred and we sold out of products and like 40 days.

1:03:34 - Craig Swanson Right. And then we have a huge other problem. We can't talk about like bigger term picture, but basically here's how we did this. Fantastic. Would you say that when you were doing your stuff for Neat, was it more in alignment with this or the larger GMOS?

1:03:49 - Jim Huffman A hundred percent this because there's more of that stage of we need to get this going and running.

1:03:54 - Craig Swanson If we were going to do this, if we were going to do this, is how much time can you talk in each? So number one isn't quite the same, but steps two, three, four, five, six, those core ones, how long do you think each of those exercises are?

1:04:16 - Jim Huffman I mean, I just sold the two and three to somebody for 2,500 bucks where I need two calls where I kind of get a download from them on it. And then the second call, we take that download and we apply it to kind of basically four different things to extract it out. But that's me kind of doing it with them.

1:04:42 - Jim Huffman So I'm not sure that's answering your question.

1:04:45 - Craig Swanson No, that's great. Have you already delivered that?

1:04:48 - Jim Huffman I'm delivering it tomorrow at 9 a.m.

1:04:49 - Jim Huffman Are you going to record it? I sure am. Yeah.

1:04:53 - Jim Huffman I can send that to you. I mean, I have the first meeting recorded as well. But that first meeting is a little loose because I'm just trying to like and that was actually a really complicated one. I could probably get a more straightforward one for you. But but it's still the same framework.

1:05:10 - Craig Swanson You know, there's so so when you OK, so So this actually, the more we talk this out, especially because this is what you did for Neat, this is what you did for Neat, I kind of feel like this is an easier sell. So part of what I'm attracted to, it feels like an easier sell. In the sense that the offer is a lot more, it is a much simpler offer and it's a lot more pain-oriented offer. It's like a solution that they can understand without having to be very sophisticated.

1:05:46 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I mean, I could easily record this one by next Friday, if not before then. I have a random idea for a name for it. Are you ready?

1:05:54 - Unidentified Speaker Yep.

1:05:57 - Jim Huffman The sold out playbook.

1:05:59 - Craig Swanson There we go. I love it.

1:06:02 - Jim Huffman Well, I don't know. The growth program, I'm also like, don't get too cute. It's like, just say what it is. There's like growth. You could say launch. Yeah, there's a whole path we could go down.

1:06:15 - Craig Swanson If you were going to, just talking about how something like this would go to market, would you do this over five weeks or would you do this in one intense day where you basically, people are working in real time?

1:06:35 - Jim Huffman I get both. I mean, there's so much meat on the bone with value props and activation offers. With standing up the funnel, you could have it dedicated to your ads, have it dedicated to your website you're landing people on. You could go as deep as you want on this.

1:06:58 - Craig Swanson Yeah, if you can get me, I actually think This is not taking away the growth marketing operating system. The growth marketing operating system is more... Okay, so here's the problem we have with the growth marketing operating system in my mind. We didn't get enough feedback from the survey. We didn't get... There were not people leaning in with a sophisticated understanding of what they wanted to purchase.

1:07:24 - Craig Swanson So we need to find something that- We still have to validate, like, yeah, absolutely.

1:07:29 - Craig Swanson Exactly. And so because we do not have an audience that wants to throw money at us, we have to create the need. What is that term? I mean, there's a term for it that you use. Need creation?

1:07:42 - Jim Huffman Oh, demand creation?

1:07:44 - Craig Swanson Demand creation. We need demand creation for the thing we're going to take to market because we don't have the demand, like, trying to throw money at us.

1:07:53 - Jim Huffman Yeah. So this has a broader appeal that growth operating systems, a smaller audience, they have bigger checkbooks, but this one's a much wider audience. Um, which if we're trying to scale this without an existing audience on ads, this is probably better for that.

1:08:12 - Craig Swanson And I also think that, um, this one can tie into other stories you're doing. I mean, like this, this, we could potentially do demand creation on.

1:08:23 - Jim Huffman Yeah. And that's the thing, we need to think with distribution as like the primary thing on how we get this out to the right people in a cost effective way. And it's gonna work. I mean, you could literally, I see the ad where it's like sold out, sold out. Like look what happened with our sales. Look what happened with our conversion rate and all because of this five point system. And it's like, yeah.

1:08:48 - Craig Swanson When I bought into Neat, we had warehouses filled with product, which is why I was able to buy in. It was the opportunity. We did not figure out the marketing. I use the same five-point system that I teach. We have a different problem in need now. Now we're sold out.

1:09:09 - Craig Swanson I got larger problems. If you too would like to have the problem of too many people buying your stuff than being able to deliver it, that is what this program is for.

1:09:18 - Jim Huffman I'm so glad we're recording this for that exact script. That's very good.

1:09:24 - Jim Huffman I could literally like require I could do this in like a weekend and like we add the case study. I have everything from neat where we could. Yeah, this could be a good one.

1:09:35 - Craig Swanson I think I mean, here's the thing. This is smaller. And that's smaller, I think is more likely to get us to phase two and more likely to actually create something that can lead into the growth marketing system, the growth marketing operating system. Cause GMOS there's so many interconnected pieces. You have a higher, you have a higher price point, a higher audience, but you also have a higher delivery challenge. And if this is like almost like super simple delivery challenge and like solves a problem that people could pay thousands of dollars for.

1:10:09 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

1:10:13 - Jim Huffman And I love it too, it's like, here's the system, here's what you want. By the way, if you need help executing, go to Growth Hit, right? Because that helps me justify some investments to make into this even more, even on the ad spin side, which could be super exciting.

1:10:28 - Craig Swanson All right, I will send, okay, so... Okay, let's go back to the original commitment.

1:10:40 - Craig Swanson By a week from Friday, you're going to get me what?

1:10:44 - Jim Huffman I will get you not the growth marketing operating system. I'll get you the growth program recording. I'm going to record it. Should I incorporate neat examples in case studies? Go for it.

1:10:57 - Craig Swanson Okay. Do whatever you want. Also, you know, to the degree that you feel comfortable sharing the client conversations you have, if you have the recordings of the $2,500 thing that you just delivered, like there's this world in which, um, yeah, like, like, yeah, that's just perfect. I mean like that, that type of like recording of you providing the expertise within a little bit of framework, that's exactly what these systems I'm building are designed to like help streamline into course building.

1:11:26 - Jim Huffman Gotcha.

1:11:29 - Jim Huffman Okay, awesome. I am excited for this. Okay.

1:11:36 - Craig Swanson And if you have a list of like number one, how to validate for companies ready to grow, my guess is when I think about the people in EO, a lot of EO, there's a lot of people that have created really good million dollar businesses, multi-million dollar businesses that actually have really crappy marketing. So they have a product that people can pay them for and they can deliver. But they proudly say we're a word-of-mouth company, which for me, I always ask, does that mean you have a proactive word-of-mouth advertising campaign? Yes, right. Or do you mean that you use it the way people use the word organic? It's sometimes wholesome that you basically are completely hands-off with your marketing relationship.

1:12:19 - Jim Huffman Right? Yeah, I totally agree. Because I used to be that person, there was a badge of honor, like, oh, I do know marketing. It's all word of mouth. And it's like, that's so dumb.

1:12:28 - Craig Swanson Whereas what you could say, oh, we're 100% word of mouth. And we have an amazing word of mouth marketing system that drives in tremendous results for us.

1:12:36 - Jim Huffman Yeah. I love that.

1:12:40 - Jim Huffman For the talk with the O, which one do you think makes the most sense?

1:12:46 - Craig Swanson I don't know what I'm buying yet for this growth program, but my guess is...

1:12:56 - Craig Swanson What I really want to know is I want to know number one, how to validate for companies ready to go. I want to see what that list is. Almost like there's this checklist that you go through and basically check, check, check. If you have all these things in place, you're ready for the growth marketing operating system. If you have just these things in place, then, um, you basically need the, uh, you know, the marketing launchpad, the, uh, the, the sold out launchpad, the, the, the play, like you just basically need to get yourself into some sense of like proactive marketing.

1:13:25 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

1:13:28 - Jim Huffman I am and be even interested interested in asking people like what would you prefer? Okay This is okay. Awesome. Also, I will I will get this team Cool.

1:13:43 - Craig Swanson Um, did I give you the link to that to that AI tool?

1:13:47 - Jim Huffman Nope. Oh, I think you did. Let me grab it.

1:13:49 - Jim Huffman Mm-hmm.

1:13:50 - Jim Huffman You put it in here. Wait clownfish. There it is.

1:13:54 - Craig Swanson Oh No editorializing there. That just automatically generates a generic URL.

1:14:00 - Jim Huffman That's awesome. Oh, this makes my day. This is so cool.

1:14:07 - Jim Huffman This was fun. I've got my work cut out for me. Thanks for making this. This makes it really, really exciting. So some more to come on my end from the growth program, but I'll put this together.

1:14:18 - Craig Swanson All right, cool. Thanks a lot.

1:14:20 - Jim Huffman Awesome. Thanks, Drake.

1:14:21 - Jim Huffman All right, bye.