Zoom Meeting 
Tue. Apr 2, 2024

4:46 - Unidentified Speaker Hello. Oh, what's up?

4:47 - Craig Swanson There we go. How are you doing?

4:49 - Jim Huffman I am doing great.

4:51 - Multiple Speakers I've been really looking forward to this. Me too, man.

4:54 - Jim Huffman I, uh, I share with Jonathan and he's like, that's the most exciting zoom call I've ever watched in my life, basically. Yeah. We're, we're literally like our EOS call with its team. We're just like label every task we're doing then as a opportunity. To use AI and we're creating like a budget just to test everything, because yeah, your stuff was super inspiring. As a quick aside, did you see that tool I sent you?

5:23 - Jim Huffman The casting magic?

5:24 - Craig Swanson Yeah. Have you seen that before? I have. Actually, it's a friend of mine sent it to me. It is very similar to a tool I've been building. Well, there are a couple features it doesn't have that I wish it had that would basically mean I wouldn't have to build my tool. Right. That's what I was thinking there.

5:40 - Jim Huffman I was like, I wonder what would work or not work. But yeah, I was like, oh, there's something here.

5:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

5:47 - Craig Swanson Also, it's one of those things that kind of keeps me a little bit wary of putting too many resources into building a tool. Because I honestly think Chad GPT-5 rolls out and we're just going to wipe out a whole bunch of businesses.

6:01 - Jim Huffman Rotten, I know that's why I'm like I'm excited for these AI startups coming But I'm like are your days just numbered like enjoy the cash grab if you can but man That said I've got an idea related to education.

6:15 - Multiple Speakers So it's related to what you're doing.

6:18 - Craig Swanson Um Let's so I watched the video I've kind of got a sense of the overview do you think Do you think, if I watch that video, do you think I've got a sense of the content? Do you want to talk less about the content and more about the strategy and the opportunity? Or, yeah, like,

6:35 - Jim Huffman I'm a little bit more interested in the strategy, honestly. And let me just put this out here. There's nothing sacred with the content, the angle, the persona, it's the price, nothing is sacred. I'm very open to any thoughts and ideas. My big thing is we do EOS, we think EOS is great. There is lacking in marketing. We think there should be an EOS. Oh my God, it's lacking in marketing.

7:06 - Multiple Speakers Yeah, it's fairly good at positioning. I mean, like, at least it has positioning. Yes, for sure.

7:14 - Jim Huffman And and so many people come to us like, how do you run a growth team? How do you do this? Like, OK, let's do like our own framework. And so and I have an email deliverability issue. So we did like the whole cell launch bill thing that you mentioned.

7:28 - Craig Swanson And I mean, we did like over a thousand bucks, but I am I'm so mad with my email stuff.

7:34 - Jim Huffman But and I haven't and I've sold I have like a thousand books through gumroad that I've sold my other book that I would want to do a blast to them and a bunch of stuff but anyway basically what I I'm first I'm down to talk through everything I would love your feedback on any of the ideas of the content but I'm also very interested in strategy And I also know that what would be lacking to make this interesting

7:59 - Multiple Speakers for you is one, I'm not too bright sitting on like a huge audience and two, um, I'm not sitting on a lot of content.

8:11 - Jim Huffman However, I actually think we could overcome that second one. Yeah. Yeah.

8:16 - Multiple Speakers You are a content creator. I don't worry about you from content. And that's just from having worked with you. I'm content.

8:23 - Craig Swanson You create content. Actually, honestly, um, I mean, I am interested.

8:31 - Unidentified Speaker I actually want to kind of explore if you want to do this together.

8:33 - Craig Swanson And we can talk about what that structure could look like and time availability and just kind of like, just to see whether it's a fit for you and I at this time for the two of us.

8:48 - Multiple Speakers Be selfish and tell me what you want.

8:52 - Jim Huffman So what makes it exciting for you? Because I want to make it what we're both Fired up because I'm also down to invest because I know we need money for ad spend Because I do think that like worst case scenario we do this and we don't

9:05 - Multiple Speakers lose money So so okay.

9:08 - Craig Swanson So let's let's just talk. Let's talk this out Let's talk this out like because I and I can even walk you through other examples What do I want? You know, okay, so that went a little bit deeper than I was prepared for in my own head.

9:30 - Jim Huffman Like, oh, well, that's deep, yeah.

9:33 - Craig Swanson I mean, just on a personal level, I want to enjoy selling a ton of stuff without damaging myself emotionally the way I've done it in the past. And so I'm trying to like walk this line. I actually, so I'm trying to walk this line of, because I basically, Craig's identity is so tied to what Craig does. I'm constantly showing my results to people so that they'll tell me I'm a good person.

10:01 - Jim Huffman It's you are approved. Yeah, exactly.

10:04 - Multiple Speakers It's given me a lot of skills that are incredibly useful, but I would like to access those skills without necessarily like the deep open neediness.

10:13 - Craig Swanson Um, I love building things that have traction. So I'm really curious to see how big of an audience you have, because I feel like you've got an audience that we could work with, that we could potentially multiply. And on a selfish level, I was also realizing this, I would be really curious what we could build for Evergreen over the long term because I think the more I do this and the more I work with people with a traditional marketing background or like a growth background, I'm realizing how much I do event-related stuff, which is a very different, like it's a different energy than than evergreen.

11:06 - Jim Huffman I mean, and I'd be curious what I would learn from you in the process, or like, I'd be curious what I'd learn from you in the process and what I would bring to you in the process.

11:18 - Craig Swanson The thing I think might happen is like, I'm really dialed into this kind of like cadence of doing a live event. So the buildup, the hit, the decline, and there's a lot of things that since I've been doing that for so long, I realize that's different from a lot of traditional marketing.

11:34 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and I haven't done that as much, so I'd be down to experiment with that, which could be a really fun learning experience. Be performed really well.

11:45 - Craig Swanson So that would be cool.

11:48 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I mean, the exciting thing about this is like, this is like, just like you're seeing the infancy of it. And so there's so much opportunity to work with, and there's no real debt to it, if that makes sense. So I'm very open to like, however, this could work.

12:07 - Craig Swanson So let's just start with this just like like give me give me all the numbers that you have for like your audience LinkedIn email list growth hit the number of people who purchased your previous courses just like like Give me all the different areas that you have people, you know podcast just everything. Yes.

12:26 - Jim Huffman Let's see. The email list is 14,000 and It is, it's usually a decent up and right around like 25%. We have this deliverability issue that's just hurting my soul that we should be able to fix, but that's that. So I'm trying to get in, so I have two Gumroads. I'm trying to get into my personal Gumroad so I can get you the exact number of Gumroad transactions from the last book. And then I need to figure out if I, okay, perfect.

13:02 - Jim Huffman So I have. 1400 people that, um, downloaded or purchased the last book. So 1,478 people. Did you sell everything through gumroad?

13:17 - Craig Swanson No gumroad and Amazon on Amazon.

13:19 - Jim Huffman It's probably like 600 or 700. Okay. So most of it's gumroad.

13:23 - Craig Swanson Do you, can you see the total revenue from gumroad?

13:26 - Jim Huffman Uh, it's 20, uh, 8,000 or, yeah, 28,000. 28 All right.

13:32 - Craig Swanson Was that pretty front loaded? Oh, for sure.

13:35 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

13:36 - Jim Huffman Yeah. All right. Um, and then any, I, you know, it's like the way I have any of the websites actually down, like you have to work to get to it. So I've kind of just think like today, I just throw people to Amazon now. Cool.

13:51 - Craig Swanson Um, how about the 14,000 email list? Is that the email list I get on Fridays? Um, or yeah. Okay. Exactly. It's the Thursday email.

14:02 - Jim Huffman Um, and so yeah. And then what else I could go to LinkedIn. Yeah.

14:06 - Craig Swanson So between LinkedIn, Instagram, all these others, it's LinkedIn, your primary. Yeah.

14:11 - Jim Huffman LinkedIn and Twitter. Um, I could do more Instagram. I don't, um, 6,000 on LinkedIn, So it's not, super huge.

14:26 - Craig Swanson Any type of understanding of listenership to your podcast?

14:29 - Jim Huffman Yeah, it definitely varies. It's probably like 500 to 1000 listens per episode. It can very much fluctuate. And sometimes YouTube will take off where we've had some go to like over 100,000 listens. And some just, it's like no one listens. To be honest, it's an afterthought. We just publish it and do nothing. So there's an opportunity there. Cool.

14:57 - Craig Swanson And then how many, like, how many people do you have subscribed to you on YouTube?

15:04 - Jim Huffman Um, good question. So YouTube, it's a little, there's like, we have the growth hit YouTube and then we have the podcast YouTube. They're both going to be small, but let me get the numbers. So if I was starting the podcast has 2800 subscribers, and then I'll see what growth, growth, it'll definitely be less than that, I think.

15:41 - Craig Swanson Yeah, there's 372 subscribers and we're not too active on on it.

15:47 - Jim Huffman OK, and let me think about there's other questions I want to ask.

15:55 - Craig Swanson So $28,000 in sales from your first book, which it came in variations of either the book, a workshop, a video. You had to layer it up with three choices people could buy.

16:09 - Jim Huffman Yeah, basically it's like this, right? We had, hey, just get the book with the templates or get the full package, or you can go to Amazon and get it for the normal price of a book. So you can kind of see the difference. That's interesting.

16:27 - Craig Swanson Actually, what are those numbers? That's a little bit small, but is it, how many is the sales, because I've got it on my small screen, the sales of the big package versus the small package?

16:37 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so the big package 513 sales for 21 K and then the small package 965 5,500 that's really interesting.

16:49 - Craig Swanson So the small package was like a That actually that's um, how much was the top one?

16:54 - Unidentified Speaker It was like 350 250 somewhere in there.

16:56 - Multiple Speakers I always discounted it to 90 bucks I got a big price for those always 90 So it's 90 bucks and then the book was what 99 dollars $15 somewhere in there Yeah, um, it would vary like from like 29

17:11 - Jim Huffman to 39 less. I would play around quite a bit All right.

17:15 - Craig Swanson That's actually impressive to me the percentage of people that put down a little more money Um, right.

17:21 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and that's why like with this one, so I'll show you um, so I need to jump out of this and let me jump into This one, and Gumroad, I forget what they take, but it's probably more, Jesus, it's so annoying.

17:37 - Craig Swanson Quit asking for my tokens.

17:43 - Unidentified Speaker There we go. Yeah, this is the product. Let's see sales.

18:02 - Jim Huffman Yeah, so that we I just launched this, we had a deliverability issues with 10 for a little over a grand at 119. And I'm going to redo this once we get our email fixed.

18:14 - Craig Swanson What's the issue with your email? I mean, just, it's just not getting through. Is that, is that because they changed everything up?

18:19 - Jim Huffman I think our deliverability just dropped off overnight, um, with a newsletter. Um, and then I went in and sent this, just trying it. And it was, and usually when I do a launch, it performs like two X of the open rate. But, um, so I don't know, we, we hired a technical person to help us figure it out and that that's on convert kit.

18:41 - Craig Swanson Okay. Um, and from an IP standpoint, from like a, like an ownership standpoint, is this all enmeshed in growth hit? Is it something that you own yourself? Like, like where does the intellectual property.

18:57 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

18:57 - Unidentified Speaker It's whatever I want it to be. And so it hasn't been determined. Okay. Yeah.

19:04 - Craig Swanson Um, and then growth hit is it's just you and Jonathan.

19:09 - Jim Huffman Well, I own Olive Growth Head and then I've given like phantom shares to Yonatan and a little bit to another guy named Haroon.

19:17 - Craig Swanson So, but from an ownership standpoint for the IP, it's actually pretty clean. Yes, it is. And the phantom shares and all that, none of that really comes into play for IP management. No.

19:31 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

19:34 - Multiple Speakers And with that said, like, obviously I value my relationship with Yonatan, so I'm always like wanting to, have him involved if it makes sense.

19:42 - Jim Huffman I mean, he's actually not that involved in NEAT, but like we're looking to buy companies and that's going to be his big initiative is trying to like track down companies to buy.

19:49 - Craig Swanson And by the way, with NEAT, it doesn't really matter. It helps me kind of understand NEAT has no overlapping ownership with GrowthHit, right? It's just, it's a completely separate thing.

20:00 - Jim Huffman Yeah, and it's all like Jim owns Neat, not like GrowthHit owns Neat or anything. Yeah.

20:05 - Craig Swanson And then you did some trade out of GrowthHit services for Neat as part of that or that led to the conversation? For sure.

20:12 - Jim Huffman Yeah. OK. And they had the people that own Neat have another brand that we work really well with. And that's how we found out about Neat. Oh, overwhelmingly.

20:21 - Craig Swanson It is our most viable asset, Craig.

20:23 - Unidentified Speaker So it's super precious.

20:24 - Craig Swanson But you know what?

20:26 - Jim Huffman Sales, our head of sales is actually starting to work.

20:29 - Multiple Speakers And so I'm feeling better and better.

20:33 - Jim Huffman But if this is a priority, I can make time obviously with need that takes up time, but it's precious. But you know, it's about prioritization. Okay.

20:45 - Craig Swanson And um, What exists in terms of organized content beyond what I saw in the video? It feels like it's a combination of internal work product for growth hit, some scaffolding that you've kind of thought through, and your knowledge that you could pull it together in a pinch.

21:16 - Jim Huffman exactly right and some of those have dedicated blog posts to it where i've gone very deep like the growth calendar the action tracker like offer led growth like those are things we've like tried and tested and done a lot of stuff and like the research calendar but it's some of the other things it's like putting these together to make happen and just to be very candid I'm also trying to test this with needing growth hit to kind of stress test all of the frameworks together um to make sure I'm eating my own dog food but um but yeah so what you see like I actually started with the frameworks first and the diagrams with the end goal in mind to think of it more of like a field book, right?

21:58 - Multiple Speakers That like, how is this super tactical and practical?

22:03 - Craig Swanson And then like, you know, expanding beyond that, I'm like, okay, let me write out what this means. Cause it could be a book, it could be a course, it could be, you know, a few different things.

22:15 - Jim Huffman Yeah. So I would actually, um, Let me just think through.

22:21 - Craig Swanson I actually, I'd like to do this with you. I would, I would. So if there was a fit here, I would like to do this. I think you've got enough. Um, I think you've got enough inputs that, that it could turn into something. Yeah. Um, I am trying to not get myself so caught up in numbers that I'm setting like crazy. I mean, I mean, aspirationally, aspirationally. I mean, I'm always looking to do the next million dollar program or something, and then beyond.

23:05 - Craig Swanson There's kind of this aspirational goal to have the information product grow bigger than whatever thing originally provided the information. Right. Yeah. That's amazing.

23:16 - Jim Huffman And for what I want, like, I'm a big fan, like growth, it's like the cash cow that like pays the bills.

23:24 - Craig Swanson And like, my big thing is anything I do next, it's like knowing where I'm strong, knowing where I'm weak and having a partner where you're just aligned on everything.

23:34 - Jim Huffman So it's fun and you're marching in the same direction.

23:37 - Multiple Speakers So that's why I'm excited about this, because I think we would do that really well. And obviously I'd love for this to be like a great revenue stream.

23:44 - Jim Huffman I also selfishly, I'm kind of mad at myself.

23:49 - Multiple Speakers I get down on myself because I look at some peers that have built like big audiences and it's not that I want an audience for the sake of like, oh, look at me, because I actually don't like that.

23:58 - Jim Huffman I like it for the opportunities it opens up. And that's been something that I think is missing.

24:04 - Multiple Speakers So I think there's some, if this works, it just opens up so many opportunities for the agency and whatnot.

24:13 - Jim Huffman So just kind of putting my cards out there on the table.

24:16 - Craig Swanson Yeah, I think there's a lot here.

24:18 - Jim Huffman I also feel like I could contribute something.

24:20 - Craig Swanson So sometimes I'm doing stuff with people that I knew nothing about hairdressing. I still am bringing something to the table. But in this case, I actually feel like, well, first of all, I feel like this is a course I want to take. Like, honestly, you're, I actually want to talk to you about some of the, there's a whole path I didn't go into around launching something.

24:42 - Jim Huffman Cause to be honest, I just stealing from Jeff Walker's framework, but I actually like your framework of sell launch build that like, I hope you bought that domain. I sent you that email. People were asking about it when I, I literally mentioned on the podcast at the very end and the fact that like, That guy hit me up and I was like, wow, that's a really interesting signal. Yeah.

25:03 - Multiple Speakers You know what? Sell, launch, build.

25:05 - Jim Huffman The only thing I didn't like about it was three L's in a row.

25:08 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

25:12 - Craig Swanson Money, launch, build.

25:13 - Multiple Speakers There you go. And I don't want to change it. Money, launch, build. That's actually not bad. Yeah. But sell, it's kind of, yeah. I do like that. I mean, it'd be easier to do.

25:23 - Jim Huffman By the way, I can easily tell when chat GPT has been used because it totally does not believe that's the order they should go in, and it's constantly rewriting it.

25:35 - Craig Swanson So I think for a prototype, to do an initial thing, just from a size and scale, if we break 50 on an initial project, that's usually enough sign that there's something that we could iterate on. That was kind of my number with Sue.

25:55 - Multiple Speakers We're at 142 right now. Wait, sorry, break 50K in sales, right? Yeah. Um, so that was kind of my number with Sue Bryce.

26:05 - Jim Huffman Um, um, I think we're at 143 in sales right now and we've spent about 30,000 on Facebook ads.

26:13 - Unidentified Speaker Nice.

26:14 - Craig Swanson Yeah. Um, I'm sorry.

26:16 - Jim Huffman How much of her sales are from new customers on Facebook? How much are from existing emails?

26:22 - Multiple Speakers Almost, well, here's the thing, we sold Sue Bryce Education.

26:27 - Craig Swanson So we sold Sue Bryce Education for like $10 million and we lost all of our mailing lists.

26:32 - Jim Huffman So I effectively started- Yeah, you lost your CRM. Yeah. Exactly.

26:35 - Craig Swanson So I had no mailing list, but she still had her following. Yeah, nice.

26:38 - Multiple Speakers So this was all about email acquisition.

26:41 - Craig Swanson Cool. Yeah. And I think right now we're at about 8,000 emails that we collected during this process. Yeah, that's pretty good. Um, okay, that that makes me more excited.

26:51 - Multiple Speakers Because one thing I was nervous about is like, what I bring to the table, because I thought is, you know, like, you, we could, I'm down, whatever we need to do with my email list, there could be a whole

27:02 - Jim Huffman separate list building around Let's go down this path and say, let's act like this is a huge success.

27:09 - Craig Swanson With Mark operating system, it goes the same path as EOS.

27:12 - Jim Huffman Like, hey, I got the course. Do you have implementers? Do you have this? That would need to be its own email machine rather than just a derivative growth hit. You know what I mean? Or it could just be this amazing E product.

27:26 - Multiple Speakers What I would imagine we would do.

27:28 - Craig Swanson So let's just talk out logistics, what it would look like to partner on this.

27:31 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

27:32 - Craig Swanson So initially, we would have a relatively simple agreement that basically says you're holding on to all the IP.

27:38 - Jim Huffman So that's what I was asking about.

27:41 - Craig Swanson So we would come into this as partners in the thing that we're building and Like I'm not asking you to give up all your, like what you've built.

27:50 - Jim Huffman So basically anything you've written, all the stuff that you're basically coming in with you, you maintain that IP.

27:56 - Craig Swanson If we, if it ends up becoming something big, we can then talk about spinning it off into an LLC and talk about what, what it looks like at that point. But we don't have that conversation until we actually generated something. Yeah. So, you know, one scenario could be that we basically do a prototype launch. Yeah. We both put in an amount of money to basically fund it. So, and that amount of money I'm talking about is probably on the order of 5,000 each or less.

28:25 - Craig Swanson Cool. Yeah. So, um, um, So it's probably 5,000 or less. We create a web page, because we wouldn't sell it on Gumroad.

28:36 - Jim Huffman Or at least I'd go through these. One of the things I'd look at is say, hey, you know.

28:42 - Craig Swanson So I always wonder if I'm running into a problem of not invented here, where I'm just constantly going to build the platform as opposed to using existing platforms. Yeah. It's funny. I was talking to a buddy who does e-products, and he's like, He's trying to do his next thing where he's like, I don't build a website, I use tools already built and leverage that.

28:59 - Jim Huffman And I was a little inspired by that. But I'm also inspired, like, you have stuff that works, let's not reinvent the wheel, let's go down the path of what you know, right? Let's innovate where we need to innovate, not where we don't need to. Exactly. So like, there's things like, right, we're doing some testing on some other things, but I've been using the same core, like, Underlying platform and and I don't know if that platform is better than other platforms.

29:22 - Craig Swanson It's just a platform I also can extend and do my own things on top of easier. Yeah.

29:27 - Multiple Speakers Yeah now What we'd probably end up doing is we'd probably end up picking a An intended launch date for this thing.

29:38 - Craig Swanson Yeah We would start marching towards that launch date and and we would start the pre-sale process, which is basically a list building. So, especially, like, same thing we did with Sue Bryce Education is basically people couldn't see what the offer was until they gave us their email. So, like, literally during the list building, you're getting people that are so intrigued by the idea that there's something they might want to learn about that they basically give you their email address before you actually see the offer.

30:10 - Craig Swanson Now, that doesn't work when we're scaling and selling, but that works in these early phases, because also it lets us run ads that are conversion-oriented, but we're doing list building. And the email lists are significantly more expensive per lead that we're doing that way, but we're doing it with people that are focused on conversion as opposed to... But this is also an area that you are going to have opinions about and have reason to be an expert.

30:38 - Craig Swanson But like, I would listen and lean into what your opinions would be on this.

30:42 - Jim Huffman Yeah.

30:44 - Craig Swanson No, I, it'd be fun to compare notes on that on like the list building side.

30:48 - Jim Huffman Cause I think between the two of us, we have a lot of experiment ideas. It's kind of like prioritization. See what works. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I could, I could basically kind of walk you through what I did with Sue Bryce and what I'm doing with healing vibrations.

31:02 - Craig Swanson which was Sue Bryce. Sue Bryce doesn't really like listening to her audience. So basically she knew what she was going to teach. And then I created a listening to her audience platform for me to figure out how to sell what she was going to teach to her audience. Healing Vibrations is literally doing a bunch of lives.

31:21 - Multiple Speakers We haven't even figured out price point or anything else yet.

31:25 - Craig Swanson So somewhere in there, we'll probably pick a price, a picture of what you want to build, and then start marching towards that.

31:40 - Jim Huffman And I don't know whether it's a high price or a low price.

31:46 - Craig Swanson Yeah, and I because I just steal from Nathan Barry's book authority where he's like have something that's like 39 and it's like 120 and then one thing that's like 400 Yeah, but I'm open to anything. I Let's we'll talk about we'll talk about it.

32:03 - Jim Huffman I mean like I there's a part of me that is kind of like wondering like I'd like to talk out what you think about doing a Like what would be a $2,500 thing?

32:12 - Craig Swanson Yeah That would be higher than most like that'd be higher than anything.

32:16 - Jim Huffman I've done except for conferences and Yeah, I wonder if that has to be like a workshop.

32:23 - Craig Swanson Does it have to be in person? Can it be virtual?

32:26 - Jim Huffman Can it not be async or can it be asynchronous? I think the first round is going to be so probably the first round is going to be is going to be lives on a weekly basis where you're going to be engaging with people at a certain amount of time.

32:42 - Craig Swanson There may be other things. The other thing that I would not want to promise, but that I think we'd be really interested in, is you've got all these frameworks. I'd really be interested in digging into the frameworks and see if potentially we could provide an AI tool that we don't promise ahead of time. Because one of the things that I've thought, is when I've looked at some of the tools I can build and these different things, I'm not sure I'm ready to build an AI tool that competes on the open market because the open market is driving price to zero effectively.

33:15 - Multiple Speakers Everyone's just driving down to the cost of the AI.

33:20 - Craig Swanson But Giving a tool that has really unique features in it away for free as part of a $2,500 course is a different way of looking at the same thing. Yeah. Now that's really interesting because the perceived value I think goes way up, which could be really exciting. Exactly.

33:42 - Jim Huffman That's cool.

33:43 - Multiple Speakers An example of that are like WordPress themes are basically, you know, $100 products or less.

33:52 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

33:53 - Multiple Speakers But there's like the membership guys, there's a number of membership sites that have created their own WordPress theme that is only for people who are members of their community and paying for the education.

34:06 - Craig Swanson And so basically it becomes, for some people it becomes the reason that they sign up for this thousand dollar course is like one of the things that they get out of it is this tool. Yeah. Very interesting. Yeah. Because usually here it's like, oh, do the course, and then the retention is the community, but the tool aspect is really interesting.

34:25 - Jim Huffman Because man, it'd be amazing if there's some either high ticket item to go after with AI or if there was some retention piece. But anyway, I think, OK, very cool. And I mean, I've got other thoughts.

34:38 - Craig Swanson The one thing about EOS, if you look at EOS, I think there's going to be a lot of people. That will sign up for a course like this, that are not going to want to do the implementation themselves. They actually just want to have someone else do the implementation.

34:54 - Jim Huffman Totally. Yeah. That's the thing.

34:56 - Craig Swanson It's like, do you get these implementers to go down this path? Yeah. Exactly.

34:59 - Jim Huffman Which means that could be that this is almost a stealth way.

35:05 - Craig Swanson Let's put it this way. If, if you're teaching a EOS style strategy session for growth and, um, and like my experience with EOS, it became basically a forcing function to get the team working together. Basically, like in a lot of ways, in a lot of ways, me having an EOS implementer, um, Is it the implementer? The implementer is the person we hire as the consultant, right? In some ways becomes a forcing function for me to be a better leader and almost like provides like that structure for the team, like identifying roles and all these other things.

35:43 - Craig Swanson Actually, I need a pressure point to do and that like works really well. Yeah. And I think people that would hire this, they would actually like, if you're doing EOS, the money you throw at that, it's very real.

35:55 - Multiple Speakers So there is an interesting component to it.

35:57 - Jim Huffman Yeah. Where I could see this potentially going is rather than teaching them how to do it, especially with where things are coming, if we were both teaching a framework driven system and we were trying to build AI tools to automate

36:11 - Craig Swanson as much of that framework as possible. Oh, that'd be amazing.

36:14 - Jim Huffman That's the retention and like the big upsell.

36:16 - Craig Swanson Yeah. Exactly. What if your EOS implementer was then actually running the AI system that was basically doing what a small staff of people would be doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that's magical.

36:33 - Jim Huffman OK, yeah, I think we need to figure out how these frameworks can fit into. Yeah, it's almost like that with the end goal. Exactly. And it's stealth too. We get to promise education because education is an easy sell. And then that self-selects people that we can then almost like develop a whole platform.

36:53 - Craig Swanson So you basically sell education, but we're actually building, if there's enough money coming in from the education, we basically build the platform. Yeah, that's the legion for the tools, right? Exactly. No, that could be amazing. I mean, I'd be very down to like, especially on the gate, it's like, we split the profits, like out of the gate.

37:14 - Multiple Speakers And I appreciate that on the IP. And if you're part of the IP, then we figure that out. And then that's step one. And then we see where this, if it evolves into something bigger, I do think we have a pretty simple and fair approach that we've started with.

37:31 - Jim Huffman The only thing I'm thinking through, just to be honest, is I know Jonathan's super excited and fired up about some of these things. I'm just thinking through some stuff there because I want to play the long game. In a long game.

37:46 - Craig Swanson First of all, If this works, we will have the money to be able to set up an LLC and basically all that. For me, the way I've historically run it, and we will do our own little, so part of this also is us working together. So basically part of this process is Basically, we are ruling by consensus. We're figuring this out as we go. And if we fail to figure it out as we go, that is a sign that we're not working well as partners.

38:18 - Craig Swanson And I think that could be the case from a work style standpoint or a, I mean, it could be work style, could be ego. Like I don't feel red flags for that. It um it could be I mean if there were flags it could be that we're both doing too many things else on the side and we're not actually what I was thinking is any resentment if someone's not pulling their

38:42 - Jim Huffman weight but I think we could have a conversation on like clear expectations of what each one will do and each one's role Can I think if we get aligned on that and then we should be good. So that might be the next step. It's like, okay, what's required to pull it off? What can we do? What can I like have my team do, or do you have resources? And yeah, I think that's a good way to approach it. What we probably end up doing is, so in general, I tend to work as the integrator, like let's say launch integrator.

39:14 - Multiple Speakers So like I am not, I mean, I actually don't know where I, I probably am more integrator.

39:20 - Craig Swanson Like you don't. You're kind of both like visionary integrator. Well, but in my visionary is more about the business, like, like the, so, so I'm not claiming to be an integrator. In fact, we hit a, we hit a point of growth when we replaced me as integrator. Yeah. So, so I don't really, but I'm using that term, which is basically, I would probably be doing most of the hands-on work.

39:43 - Jim Huffman I'm building the website.

39:44 - Craig Swanson So basically I would be doing most of the mechanical, technical stuff. Nice. Yeah. You would be delivering the content. Yeah. I need to go deep into content and production and get it to be kind of best in class. Yeah. Wouldn't worry about best-in-class Make the content and even then Make the content that you can deliver live and make people happy delivering live Okay, because this doesn't have to be the evergreen rendition of it Okay, interesting.

40:21 - Jim Huffman So so if we make $50,000 and or better, and we have a bunch of people who have paid that you are doing live webinars to on a six-week, eight-week, 12-week, whatever, whatever, like the, they will basically, you will show

40:40 - Craig Swanson up, you are enough of a people pleaser, salesperson, rainmaker, dancing monkey, like whatever, like whatever term you apply to that, you know how to make people feel happy with your presentation.

40:55 - Jim Huffman Yeah, I will say I am the second, or I go back for this other guy, the first or second highest rated trainer or teacher at the ANA.

41:06 - Multiple Speakers So I feel good about that.

41:09 - Jim Huffman I've seen you do it. I feel good about it. Like, honestly, If you were not good at it, you wouldn't be able to do the volume you do. You really do.

41:21 - Unidentified Speaker I don't necessarily have any illusions that you're going to build everything ahead of time.

41:24 - Craig Swanson There's probably going to be some last minute prep. It'll probably be the live events that are going to be the pressure point. You're probably going to invent a percentage of the course live as you were teaching it.

41:36 - Jim Huffman That's all fine. Because if we make $50,000 or better, you've delivered it, we've got recordings of it.

41:45 - Multiple Speakers Those don't have to be the final evergreen.

41:47 - Jim Huffman They could be the final evergreen.

41:48 - Craig Swanson We could polish it up. Yeah, I like that.

41:53 - Jim Huffman So I don't care about best in class.

41:56 - Craig Swanson I care about you making the people who signed up for it happy. Yeah, they feel they got what the ROI on it. Yeah, I think that's a good step.

42:04 - Jim Huffman I'm very excited about the AI stuff. Sorry, go ahead. Yeah. And then I would try to like build out some like the AI stuff.

42:10 - Craig Swanson I kind of feel like the AI stuff, I might have to like do a fast follow you on you as you're teaching, like it depends on how locked in the top, the frameworks and everything are, and how much like, and this is the type of thing where on one given week, rather than like, promising we're going to build AI into it on one given week, we can say, here are the frameworks you're doing for the Facebook ads.

42:30 - Craig Swanson And what we've done is we've created this AI tool that you can use to get a feel for it. We'll demo that. People will be really excited as long as we're not selling them this entirely finished thing, but basically we're kind of building it for them on the fly from their perception. Yeah, that'd be very cool. I'm already thinking through some that could be, I'm like thinking from the framework from a prompt perspective on like, there's a few that can perform pretty well, I think, as an AI tool, which could be kind of a magical experience.

43:03 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

43:05 - Jim Huffman No, and I have to jump in five minutes.

43:08 - Multiple Speakers I only have 45 for this. But, um, so yeah, go ahead. I mean, from my standpoint, from my standpoint, um, We have a lightweight agreement.

43:19 - Craig Swanson We run it through my LLC, you hold on to your IP. We put in, it doesn't really matter, but if $5,000 is a non-risk amount of money, we put in We probably spend 1,000 $2,000 basically creating the initial website.

43:44 - Jim Huffman We get it to a place where we've got a countdown timer going to a date and we try to start collecting an email list.

43:52 - Craig Swanson And then at the point that we have something that people can put money down, and that may be, since you're already kind of like doing it on Gumroad, we could potentially almost like just embrace that. Yeah, as far as like collecting it right there and just keep it going or I wouldn't collect it on gumroad I'd collect it on on the new site But yeah, because the the fee we get the fees down on

44:12 - Multiple Speakers your website.

44:13 - Craig Swanson It's not even It's it's more about the experience and also the fact that I can build I can build basically the lead generation tools better so that we can do the email capture as part of the set. Like there's like I've never done gumroad.

44:28 - Multiple Speakers I assume it gives all the right triggers to Facebook so you can do conversion based marketing. It definitely does. But like, yeah, I'd prefer to get off of it.

44:35 - Craig Swanson Yeah. And then if it's converting, Then we basically go into list building with conversion as the target. And we try to spend about as much money on Facebook ads as we are receiving in payments. And then all the auxiliary stuff that comes in outside of that becomes bonus.

44:57 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

44:58 - Multiple Speakers No, I think that's a good track record.

45:00 - Craig Swanson And I think the investment's really minimal dollars in time.

45:04 - Jim Huffman And I, yeah, I, yeah. And, and I can even, the network isn't huge, but whatever I can do on my side to help promote the lead up to the event that can help cushion some of the costs too, or at least the investment. And I think once we pick the dates and everything else, like you could use, you can use the pot and this is where we kind of like, it becomes a little bit of us figuring out as we go along.

45:28 - Craig Swanson So I can see ways that you could absolutely use the podcast as part of the drum beat for this. It also becomes kind of like, you know, you're, you, you know, you, you get to decide that it's like, you don't have to commit to it upfront, like on all these things. Um, Some of it's opportunistic, but I mean, the thing is, once you get $50,000 in sales, if it's working, especially if you're the type of person that we can just like keep adding to what, you know, what we're spending on Facebook, as long as it's making its money on a daily basis, I mean like, then it really just becomes kind of the oh shit, like how much prepayment can you take for something that doesn't exist before you start

46:08 - Jim Huffman to get delivery.

46:09 - Craig Swanson Yeah, it's like go time, yeah, yeah. And even the people, we've already sold at 119, that the right price?

46:14 - Multiple Speakers Do we need to change that?

46:15 - Jim Huffman We can still like, I'm not worried about those 10 people that bought. We can, yeah. You can gift them a $2,500 thing if we ended up doing that. Totally. Yeah.

46:26 - Craig Swanson So probably there's some work leading into it, but basically like the first sprint would be for us to get the initial, um, kind of the initial offer, whatever structure that is, which is generally a date we're counting down to and, um, the broad promise and offer we're making to the market and an email capture for it. Yeah.

47:00 - Jim Huffman And I'm also down to do some experimentation and maybe it'll be a little bit harder on the page But on different ads on how we position it I'll be so fun. Yeah, I have a lot of thoughts on that Because so many different personas whether it's like Shopify DTC or you're doing EOS. This is missing like yeah I would love that in general in general. We don't pay ourselves for it on time.

47:24 - Craig Swanson So basically we're putting in our own time I In general, the people in our lives, if you're paying them hard costs, basically our partnership would pay those. So it's going to cost a couple thousand dollars to do the website. That's basically what I would pay my developer. It's a contractor relationship. If we end up doing a bunch of creative designers, things like that, Yeah, we either pay them directly or pay them through growth hit directly might be a little, I mean, so we'd figure that out, but it's not intended

47:51 - Jim Huffman for like us to just get a bunch of free service from growth hit.

47:55 - Craig Swanson And that's, I mean, I'll, we'll take it, but you know, totally. Yeah. And there's times where it's fine, but if it becomes a big, it's a lot of crap. Yeah. And I think we can be aligned there.

48:01 - Multiple Speakers Cause it's really about being very efficient with the resources we have to do this.

48:07 - Jim Huffman Um, I'm also thinking through, um, you know, expectations on roles on my end, on your end.

48:14 - Craig Swanson Cause you're kind of saying like, let me do, you'll do the technical side.

48:16 - Jim Huffman I'm focused on product. I'm thinking through what that actually means. Like what is needed from me as far as content output at different levels. So something to think through just so I can figure out how I pull that off and do it from the sense of how do we guarantee success? What do you need from me? I don't work on a guaranteed success type of mindset. I don't.

48:45 - Craig Swanson I work on a prove, like basically prove out the opportunity mindset. So at a very minimum, we need a really solid video pitch for this thing. On a selfish standpoint, if we were to meet on a recurring basis, I would almost like to record it and see if there's a podcast in there. Because basically, I'm going to be walking you through my framework for course launch that may be similar to this. So it might actually be nice to use this as an example of my framework for course launch.

49:23 - Craig Swanson Yeah. Oh yeah, that's a great point. Yeah, I'd be very open to that.

49:27 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

49:30 - Craig Swanson And then if this looks like it, so basically there's this initial phase where you get it up, start seeing if there's momentum. Like right now, 10 orders isn't enough to like change it. So like we're looking for some thing, but then like if we start to feel momentum, then one of the things you can do is you can contribute five minutes per episode of your podcast for an ongoing conversation around this.

49:52 - Craig Swanson Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then with that, that's going to generate video.

49:58 - Jim Huffman What part of town do you live in? I'm in Magnolia.

50:01 - Craig Swanson Oh, Magnolia. I'm in Ballard. Yeah, you're super close. I'll just ride a bike over. So the other thing we can do is we could also potentially set up a recording studio for video that makes it easier. Just depending on what we want to do. You need to go? Yeah I need to go but I love that idea because I need a better studio I think to record this and we can get some cool shots if we're able to do that there because I know you've got the

50:24 - Jim Huffman goods.

50:25 - Multiple Speakers I've got people in my life just like you've got people you can help create really great ads and everything else like I've got people my teams have just created tons of live broadcast and video production.

50:35 - Craig Swanson Yeah okay that'd be amazing. What's the next step before I go? Let's set up another one and that's true.

50:42 - Jim Huffman Let's see if we want to actually pull the trigger on this, sign an agreement and see how long that takes, but it can be a really quick process.

50:50 - Craig Swanson I can send over the agreement so you can see what it looks like,

50:52 - Multiple Speakers Send it. Let's move fast. I'm out next week for spring break, so I'd love to see if we can get this dialed in this week.

50:58 - Jim Huffman That'd be amazing. All right. I'll send to you today. Okay, cool. Talk soon, Craig.