==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 3 Coaching ====

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce |  Matt Stagliano, the first comment I see, I just gotta say, your new promo video just spun all my wheels, Matt. Melissa, can you get that chewy for cook? Otherwise, you're gonna have a kuday tower on your end. Sorry about that. I was sort out the child.

[00:00:16] Sue Bryce |  Matt Staglia know, go to Matt's, Instagram right now. Matt, put your Instagram handle in so that everyone can see it, and Matt is actually a videographer. I think, Matt, you were a videographer before you were a photographer, and now you do both. But when you see his promo video, it is so worthy of a big shout out. It is so beautiful, man.

[00:00:39] Sue Bryce |  And okay. This one thing I wanted to address with that video, Matt, and that was when I looked at that video, I was like, oh, you watch all the photographer in your network gets super, like, super excited by that video. And inevitably, when we become curators, we keep creating or curating content to sell. And we forget to put the same beautiful creativity into the content we make for our clients, and that is what makes other peers around you look at your brand and say, what are they doing? It's not YUGO.

[00:01:20] Sue Bryce |  I could make videos and sell a video for you. It's that you made a brilliant one for yourself. So that's good doing it, not talking about it. That's good show, don't tell, and that single video got me so excited because that's what I used to do. Whenever I was trying to sell stuff, I was making videos of my women that I was photographing, and you were all feeling the experience, because I've got goosebumps just saying it out loud.

[00:01:49] Sue Bryce |  That's how much they used to mean to me. That's called show, don't tell. And you don't hap Matt doesn't have to keep selling videos. He just needs to keep making them. Because inevitably, the next DM's gonna be dude who made your video, and he's gonna say, I did it.

[00:02:07] Sue Bryce |  And then they're gonna say, would you make me 1? And he's gonna say, sure. And that show don't tell, but we get so caught up in the coming soon. Now if Matt had written coming soon, I'm going to create a video that's gonna blow you all away. How many likes would he have gotten that post?

[00:02:25] Sue Bryce |  Stop saying coming soon, show don't tell. Woo hoo hoo. Thanks, man. I love it. And it's really, really be before, and I wish I I should have bought it and played it.

[00:02:34] Sue Bryce |  So, Anna, there is no rush to get through the videos. Go at your own pace. The good thing about being here live with me is that I get to answer your questions in real time, and I get to explain I do wanna know how everybody went with their initial brain dumping and list writing because this is my favorite part of curating, I was just sitting here having a conversation with the audience. And one of the things we were just talking about was some people had a real problem getting all content out. So let's talk about that.

[00:03:10] Sue Bryce |  And then the system around it, I wanna just walk you through it to make sure that you're all just prolifically journaling and bullet pointing and brain dumping and creating, creating, creating, creating, creating, creating, isn't it weird that you feel all this pressure? To create, isn't it so bizarre that you suddenly have to get it down and that you suddenly like, ugh. Alright. So give me some questions, Melissa. Show me what you've got and alright.

[00:03:39] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Give your questions to Melissa. I love this. I got this, my sister is an illustrator and I text her on Friday. And I said, could you draw me fish bones?

[00:03:56] Sue Bryce |  And an hour later, she sent me this. And I see it in bones because you lay out the bones of your content, and it could become these are products. And then you lay out that bones, and there's knowledge, and there's ideas, and there's connection, and there's heart, but then the structure forms around it. And down here is their marketing, and the head is the vision and the brand. And I just see the bones of it.

[00:04:28] Sue Bryce |  I see bones, and I I don't know why it represents that for me, but I started calling it the bones. When somebody comes up to me and says, I'm ready for the main stage, Supra. I say, yes. Send me your bones. That's what I want.

[00:04:46] Sue Bryce |  I want bones of your talk. I want you to give me the name, the title, the subject, the theme, the structure, what it's about, who's it for, and I wanna know what it's all about, and I want clarity, and that's the bones. Give me the bones. Now I could sell that workshop right now just with the bones, The bones of a workshop is basically the workshop page, which outlines the content of the workshop. When you sell a workshop online, you have to show the bones.

[00:05:19] Sue Bryce |  Let's say I go, Sue Bryce is having a workshop. What's it about? Content. What else? Just content.

[00:05:27] Sue Bryce |  What am I gonna learn? It's content. You're gonna learn about content. What sort of content? Who's it for?

[00:05:32] Sue Bryce |  What is it social media content? Is it business content? So the more clarity I can put in those bones But at that point, you don't have to have it recorded, and you don't even have to have it written. But my word Whatever you'd say the bones are when you do write the content. So if you start telling that workshop on those bones, then you better speak those bones at that workshop because you can't change it after they've bought it.

[00:06:01] Sue Bryce |  But when I give you bones, I have not written the keynote. I've just written the bones. That's pretty epic. That means if Subrise can sell out our in person workshop in 2 minutes, which I used to be able to do. That means I can hit that highest number of that workshop as soon as I go live with that workshop, and that workshop is not created yet.

[00:06:33] Sue Bryce |  But it is created because the bones is what's creating it. Right? That's what the bones are. It's an outline. It's a structure.

[00:06:42] Sue Bryce |  It's the base. It's the core of your talk. It's the meat and veg, and it's the description that everybody wants. Now the bones of a template same. The bones of a book, the same.

[00:06:56] Sue Bryce |  The bones of a keynote, the same. The bones of a coaching track, a workshop, a master class, they're all the same. We take your knowledge. We structure it. We develop products out of it.

[00:07:09] Sue Bryce |  Okay? Ah, you're not clear what the heart vertical is. Oh, that's all your heart stories. Okay. The heart vertical is when you put into your timeline, all the stories that you can tell that will connect people emotionally and bring them to the power of your narrative.

[00:07:28] Sue Bryce |  The heart stories, are not on the slide The slide is the meat and veg. The narrative I weave through the slide, through the steps is the heart story, that heart narrative, and it is just absolutely, absolutely, what connects you to the audience. So I've just got some technical issues. Let's have a look at that. We've got on chat saying that our video is coming in super blurry.

[00:07:58] Sue Bryce |  Is that like pixelated? Or alright. I'll just make sure that they can see those questions there. Alright. Help me with some questions, MJ.

[00:08:08] Sue Bryce |  The other piece that people are having questions is as they're starting little ideas really poking in and narrowing down from where to start, which topic, which Okay. Let's go. Let's do it. Let's pick our topics. That's what I'm hearing then.

[00:08:25] Sue Bryce |  Alright. The rules. No fluff. There is no fluff in your bullet time. You have plenty of time to fluff, and this is not the time for fluffy.

[00:08:39] Sue Bryce |  No fluffy in the creator room. Okay? In your handwriting. This is my handwriting. This is my happy place.

[00:08:49] Sue Bryce |  This is my handwriting. And this is my happy place. When you come to my house, I have a lot of these everywhere, and I have a lot of these legal pads. I get them on subscription on Amazon, and they arrive in packs of 10. These are stylized art pens that have multiple different angles so I can write in multiple different fonts.

[00:09:20] Sue Bryce |  These are the big guys, the big daddy's, alright, and they're like calligraphy pens. Nobody is allowed to touch my pens. If people touch my pens, I go, because I just said, like, they're my, like, so I have a a little group of pens that other people can use. And when I ever create with people, the first thing I do is slide a pad towards them with a pay, with a ink pen, and people start creating. When you write it, it comes out of you.

[00:09:59] Sue Bryce |  When you copy it and paste it, it doesn't go through your mouth. And it goes through it comes down through your mind. It comes out of your vision and it comes out of your, mouth and through your expression and your throat. And as you process it, you see it, and you hear it, you read it, you learn it again, and you you see it as not yours. It's extraordinary.

[00:10:26] Sue Bryce |  And the more you do it, the more powerful it is. You can't judge anything you've written and you can't rip it up. You just put it over an pile and let the pile grow because when I curate content, my piles will be huge like this. And I can draw, I can do diagrams, I can just straight out brain dump, but here I start to just find my way through. And I just get it out.

[00:10:52] Sue Bryce |  And if I'm judging it, I'm not creating. I'm comparing. If I'm judging myself, I'm not creating, I'm comparing. Now comparing and and competing is comparing is the opposite to creation. So if you feel yourself in comparison, you're not in creation.

[00:11:15] Sue Bryce |  You're trying to create something like somebody else did, and you're comparing yourself their content and your content to their content. That's not creation. I am not here to compete. I am here to create I am not here to compete for what has already created Wallace D wattles. Okay?

[00:11:37] Sue Bryce |  Keep everything. Explore the multiverse. Just have fun. Write a crazy workshop. It doesn't matter.

[00:11:44] Sue Bryce |  Write a crazy book outline. It doesn't matter. Nobody is going to see it. If you like my notes, I can put them into a d a PDF so you can download them for yourself if you want. Because a few people have asked if they can have my notes, and I was like, Really, this is my chicken scratch, like, I just did it all on paper and then took photos on my camera and then printed them.

[00:12:06] Sue Bryce |  So When people say no bluff, I was like, I want true meat and veg. I want move the needle steps and I just I'm not interested in the fluff yet. The content has to come with meat and veg. Like, it's gotta be valuable, and it's gotta be consumable and it's gotta be, you know, exciting for people. This is how I start with my bullet time.

[00:12:30] Sue Bryce |  And at this point here, don't stop don't stop at 10. If you've got 50 bullets in you, you just keep bulletting out. But the most important part of this paper is there. What subject are we bulleting right now? Okay.

[00:12:44] Sue Bryce |  What subject are we going to bullet? What is the date and which draft is this? Please fill that out. It's so awesome because you're gonna pick a subject business. That's great.

[00:12:56] Sue Bryce |  That's a good thing. Now what's the subject of that? Okay. So I want clarity. Then you're gonna tell me the date, and this is the 1st draft, put 1 and keep going because when you get to a hundred drafts and then you have a $1,000,000 workshop, I know that you've processed that and you've got that evidence right there.

[00:13:15] Sue Bryce |  Keep everything. Keep it in a drawer. Keep it in a folder. You'd be amazed at how often you revisit it. So at this point, I need a subject.

[00:13:24] Sue Bryce |  So you need to pick a subject that goes at the top of that page in order to start bulletting. This is the plumping phase. This is where we bullet everything. You're just bullletting out the brain dumping. You are just all over it.

[00:13:38] Sue Bryce |  You're just like, Let's get it. Go go go go go go and you just flow and you plump and you plump and you plump and you plump until you cannot plump anymore. Your subject is going to be based around one of these big energies. Because this is really interesting, but the more I curate content and the more I work with curators, we're either talking about money, or we're talking about mastery in some way, like a master class, or we're talking about self development. So we're either teaching confidence or something you're learning within yourself.

[00:14:19] Sue Bryce |  Or we're teaching business or we're teaching a craft, like instructing a craft. If there are any more, tell me. Because I cannot get more. I've been through it, and I'm like, wow, that's so weird. There's always this overarching theme of one of these energies So even with the subject, what theme are you choosing here?

[00:14:42] Sue Bryce |  Because if you say, well, I teach about selling, but I also teach about money. I'd go right. So you could do a sales and money class combined that really hits both, but one of them is going to be more dominant than the other. And when I see these subjects here, so tell me if anybody writes anything else, and I even considered removing mastery, because if you think about it, craft is usually mastery, because what would you be mastering that's not a craft? That's not self development or that's not business.

[00:15:23] Sue Bryce |  So when I think of those 4 big energies, I think a bit like this, and like I said in the video, people want to change their money situation. They want more money. And if you teach people how to get more money, you always sell classes. I just want you to know something, if you did teach about money, people don't communicate back. When I teach photo, all I hear is step by step what you're doing.

[00:15:50] Sue Bryce |  When I teach selling, I get the feedback on I've just hit a $2000 sales average. I've just hit a $3000 sales average. I've just hit when it comes to money, Nobody goes, I owe $70,000 in debt when I met you, paid it all off, and now I have savings. No one. No one says that.

[00:16:10] Sue Bryce |  Money comes with shame. And when I talk about money, people are the most quiet in the room, and take more notes than any other time that I speak. In fact, they don't look up when I talk about money, because everyone is quietly pretending they don't need to write all the notes that they're writing. I know you want money, and I love money. And not for the love of money because I love the freedom that money gives me and my life and the choices it gives me.

[00:16:42] Sue Bryce |  And I flow with money because I grew up without it, and it was very important that I learned how to be sustainable and profitable and valuable. And we were just saying, you don't know what you know until you go to teach it, And, sorry, what's your name? I'm gonna just say your name, and I didn't work. What's your name? Marianne.

[00:17:04] Sue Bryce |  So Marianne said, I didn't know what I knew, didn't realize I knew what I knew. And I said, yeah. You don't know what you know until you go to teach it. And I said, and that also means you didn't know how valuable you were. And that is pretty mind blowing.

[00:17:18] Sue Bryce |  You don't know what you know. You didn't know that you were that important, and you didn't think you were that special and holy shit. I didn't. No. I was that valuable.

[00:17:28] Sue Bryce |  Because once you know how valuable you are, you charge Brit. So what theme pops up for you along those, and then what is your subject? So let me show you something I've curated because then you can see my process, which is pretty cool, and I'll walk you through this. I did the bones for my next workshop, And my next workshop is called personal brand. Who knew?

[00:17:55] Sue Bryce |  I spent my whole life trying not to have a personal brand, now I'm teaching it. You know, that is quintessential Subray. That is absolutely quintessential surprise. I spent the 1st 5 years trying to call my business something else because I couldn't put my face on it. And then I moved to Australia and did the same thing, and then I moved to the US and I did the same thing.

[00:18:20] Sue Bryce |  You know Subrace Education was never meant to be called Subrace Education. It was the portrait system. That's what the LLC is. That's what it's called now. I never wanted to call it my name.

[00:18:32] Sue Bryce |  And they, boys, keep looking at me, and they go, but when your name's on it, it sells more. Now I understand people don't follow brands, they follow people, And, of course, why did I resist putting my name on it? Cause I didn't think I was special. I didn't think I was important. I didn't think I was good enough, and I didn't think that I was a good face.

[00:18:53] Sue Bryce |  And it turns out it was entirely wrong, that I owned the face of my brand. So I'm telling you today you are hearing it. If you're looking for a sign, this is it, this is your sign, This is your permission. If you're asking me for permission, this is your permission. But if you wanna make your personal brand great, And if you wanna empower your personal brand, then all I have to do is empower you to shine in your personal brand, and you don't know what you know until you go to teach it.

[00:19:28] Sue Bryce |  And then you do realize how valuable you are, and you do realize how incredible you are, and you do realize that everybody around you wants that from you because you just shine and you start to do it. That's how you empower a personal brand. You empower the person behind the brand. So I've been writing the marketing and I'm super excited because I when I write things like marketing, the first thing I do is write In order to teach the marketing I'm doing now, because marketing has just changed over and over and over again in the last 21 years, that I've been in business, in order to, like, teach a new marketing class, I kind of go back to what I know about marketing, and I go, right, what am I currently doing in marketing that's working? What am I currently doing in marketing that I know is a good system?

[00:20:22] Sue Bryce |  What am I doing right now? How do I do that? How do I teach that? And in going back through all of my marketing content, I keep bringing up the rule of threes. So in your marketing, people like the rule of threes, 3 colors in your brand, 3 fonts, maximum in your design.

[00:20:42] Sue Bryce |  Three words in your slogan just do it. 3 by 3 is your bio. Describe yourself in a 3 by 3. 3123 is the first thing you see. Small, medium, large, three products, three prices, this is how we consume.

[00:21:03] Sue Bryce |  It's so simple because what you do when you give 3 options is you give 3 options, but no more. You give options more than 1 and more than 2, because when you only have 2 options, you're being forced to make a choice products in front of you, you're confused again because there's no middle number. And when people wanna feel safe, They go to the lowest number. When they wanna feel even they shoot for the middle and when they want to be the best, they go for the top number. That's why three works.

[00:21:43] Sue Bryce |  That's why we have 1st, second, and third in a race. Think of it 1, 2, 3. We do everything in 1, 2, 3. So think of that when you create your content. So, I sat down and I thought, right, personal brand is the future.

[00:22:02] Sue Bryce |  In fact, if you can take a personal brand, and let's take one of the biggest Steve Jobs, Here's a personal brand. You knew effort you knew as much about Steve Jobs as you knew about Apple. In fact, you knew more about Apple because Steve Jobs's story told you, and it was Steve Jobs's story we made movies about, not Apple's story. Now, when you take a personal brand like Steve Jobs, and you marry it together with a physical brand, like Apple, you have double brand. That is the mega power.

[00:22:37] Sue Bryce |  In all of consumerism, the mega power is the product brand and the personal Now for creators, for, videographers, creatives, curators, writers, everything is coming down to a personal brand. And right about now, you're all creating this personal brand. Now I am a mega brand as a person brand because I have created content in the tens of millions. I have an incredible story of how I created that personal brand over the last four 18 years. So I sat down and I wrote down the steps to create a personal brand, and there they are.

[00:23:20] Sue Bryce |  So that's you can have that go for it, like it's work your way through it. It's in linear form, and that's how I brain dump. Draft number 1, it was not called personal brand. It was called business Verticals. Because they started to see that there were 8 verticals, there's 10 here.

[00:23:44] Sue Bryce |  But in writing them out, I realized no, I need to amalgamate some of my verticals. There's too much here. Less is more. Alright? You want less talking more content.

[00:23:57] Sue Bryce |  So what you're trying to do is work that system. So once I put it through this system, and this system is what, you know, you're about to start working, it ended up here. And there were 8, there were not 10 verticals. And that's why I mean by plump it up and then amalgamate it and refine it because certain subjects will end up becoming one entire vertical. And that there is not only 8 verticals of creating the most powerful personal brand.

[00:24:33] Sue Bryce |  Each vertical unlocks the next one. In fact, as you master each vertical, the next one goes up in value. And you don't get to the next one until you lock, unlock that one. It's that simple. So when you start out, you create your brand and your brand is your face value.

[00:24:57] Sue Bryce |  That's face value. That's not your identity. You think it is, but it not. And you say putting myself out there is so hard. And I was like, no.

[00:25:09] Sue Bryce |  It's not. It's just your face value. It is just your brand. It's just the visual brand that people see when they look at you, and it's going to communicate with authenticity That's the whole point. And then once you've really nailed that brand, you really get your products locked in.

[00:25:28] Sue Bryce |  And when your products are locked in, truly locked in, that's when you start talking about money, not selling, money. Because if I can't clear your money blocks, you're going no further in business. If I can't get you to value, you can't price yourself because you have money blocks, you can go no further. If you have got shame and debt and you're not managing money, I have to get you to money man ment before you go any further in business or you will fail. So I love business is equal exchange of money.

[00:26:10] Sue Bryce |  So as we get to equal change, I find out what your self value is right about now because you are receiving what you believe you are worth. Service is actually the experience service and experience is what they experience either online or in person with you And when you create systems around that, that's your customer value, then you have systems systems as sales, marketing, money, in come, production, referrals, every system around you by the time you get to this part in your business, you are creating systems that are systems of confidence and systems of momentum. They keep the money coming in. They keep the money flowing through. They keep the clients flowing through.

[00:26:54] Sue Bryce |  All of your systems are run by other people, so you're free to balance and enjoy your life. 7 is marketing. Marketing is the umbrella and networking all fall under marketing, and you're doing all of that yourself on social media. Right? And it's all about you.

[00:27:21] Sue Bryce |  So welcome to self doubt. There it is in your face. And number 8, It's self value. It's you. You're the brand.

[00:27:33] Sue Bryce |  And in a brand, everything filters down from the top line This brand is filtering down from you. The more I raise your value, the more I raise your brand value every single vertical, unlocks the next vertical. And I saw that I saw it all by writing this. That's how you see it. You've got to get to that, to get to that.

[00:28:07] Sue Bryce |  And don't stop it's got to flow out of you. And when you're in your flow, your content flow when you can flow like that. Guess how long that took me to write. 1 hour. Yes.

[00:28:31] Sue Bryce |  1 hour. I wrote it in an hour and I cried. So I'm so practiced at content now, that when I flow and I know that I can feel it, what this did for me was it did so back in Creative Live Days 2013, they launched the business channel, and it failed. And I was one of the board of directors on why was the spelling, and I was like, because it's too generic, It's too generic. We're we're just talking about business.

[00:29:10] Sue Bryce |  We're not talking about creatives in business or photographers in business or designers. But if I was to define the genre that I'm talking about, like for me, I'm saying, but I teach business to photographers. So because I've defined that, I'm getting this massive numbers, but the business channel's getting nothing. And I realized in that moment, this came down to, it really came down to defining with more clarity what the business steps are. So fast forward 12 more years of business.

[00:29:47] Sue Bryce |  12 more years of dominating in a personal brand around me And I realized now personal brand is the future, and I was like, that wasn't specific enough 12 years ago. It just wasn't a thing. Personal branding was not we were only just starting to say it. Lifestyle shirts, kind of personal branding. For social media, like these words were just coming out.

[00:30:15] Sue Bryce |  Now a personal brand is the future. You're either in corporate or you're a personal brand. And right now, the when I said to you, that's your face value, I struggled. So I went through all the value words. I saw you, writing them, Melissa, for the audience out there.

[00:30:32] Sue Bryce |  And I realized that for me, I speak in terms of value, self value, So I realized each one of these verticals had a value point attached to it. And when I wrote face value, that felt like when I hear face value, I hear like fake, like that's your face value or superficial. I heard I hear surface because it is It's not your identity, it's communicating your identity, but it is literally the face value of your business and you are creating that face value to speak your message and communicate your energy and joy. That's what you're doing in equal exchange of a product you're making or a service you're creating or providing for someone. And the more you empower that face value with your own authenticity, the more powerful it gets.

[00:31:22] Sue Bryce |  So yeah, that was a really good one that I thought was great. So from this, I created I'm gonna put that down there. 8 verticals. Then it turns out when I really go through that list, and I did this process over and over again the finding, the plumping, the refining, the amalgamating, the categorizing, and then bringing it back, and then the trimming back, you just do it and you rewrite it and you move the page over and you rewrite it and you move the page over and you start to see systems, and then you start to see patterns and you start to see themes and you start to see things link, and then you start to relate it to, oh my gosh, they'll need this And then there might be a bonus video in there that doesn't really belong on any of the verticals, but it has to be there. And you go, that's gonna be a bonus video.

[00:32:14] Sue Bryce |  And that makes selling my course even easier on my workshop because then I've got these modules and a bonus video, put it off in a little box, you know, I realized I had 8 verticals. I have 8 titles, and each title has 8 bullet points under each title, 8 by 8 equals 64 steps to create a personal brand in linear order. I don't work. I create and it's joyful, and I make money doing this. It is magic.

[00:33:01] Sue Bryce |  This is never supposed to be difficult. This is everything you love. So write it down. This is everything you wanna do. This is everything you wanna teach.

[00:33:16] Sue Bryce |  So, would you say you get deeper as you progress down the call list deeper. Ah, Marianne, when you say deeper, do you mean more in-depth? No, that list can be deep. Like, you can write really deep bullet points as long as they're they start to flow in linear order. Alright.

[00:33:40] Sue Bryce |  Defining, I think just the business jargon of what is the vertical. Okay. Yes. Go. A vertical.

[00:33:45] Sue Bryce |  So alright. Let's work through that. I just wanna say this. I just wrote this at the bottom. Just creation.

[00:33:55] Sue Bryce |  Right? It's just creation. Creation is joyful. This is not a creative writing class, and you're not going to be judged on your short story. Right?

[00:34:07] Sue Bryce |  It's joyful creating. There is no self doubt in the creative room. If you feel self doubt, you're not in the creative room. You've gone into the competition room. And I need you to leave.

[00:34:24] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. There is no ego in the creator room. Because you're pure in there, there's no ego, it's soul creation. If you feel your ego, you went back into the competitor's room again. There is no comparison in the creator's room.

[00:34:45] Sue Bryce |  If you're comparing yourself, you're back in competition. There is no competition. In the creative room. I am not here to compete for what is already created. I am here to create I don't work.

[00:35:01] Sue Bryce |  I create. Say it every day. Say it 20,000 times a day. Don't stop saying it. When you start doing your bullet points, the list is long, and as you'll see by my bullet points, a messy page of brain dumping.

[00:35:16] Sue Bryce |  Your goal is to plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, plump, ah, content. Okay? Before we flip them, into verticals, and this is what I mean by verticals. So this is a great way to illustrate how I take my bullet points once they're refined and flip them into titles and start to grow the content under the title. That grows an entire vertical.

[00:35:42] Sue Bryce |  Now, a vertical is what happens when you start listing horizontally and then building down in your content. But before we get there, we have to organize the content that we're writing. So what I do is I bullet point, and then I'll do the same bullet points again, but the second time I do them, I flip the order of them so that they're in linear steps, how I'm going to teach it, I'm going to teach this in step by steps, and in order to get there, I need to have the steps written down and organized in their natural flow. Once you organize the flow, so you're going to get your flow, then you're gonna look and see categories this is before verticals. You're gonna see, alright, there's a period where I'm talking about how I mastered that.

[00:36:32] Sue Bryce |  And then there's a period where I talk about, oh, money over here, and that could be its own category, really, and you start to see themes in your talks. You start to see, like, dominant themes, and those dominant themes are usually attached to the top 5. What are the top 5? Mastery, craft, money, self developmental business, right, that's usually what starts to happen. You start to see these big themes, because Those are all the areas we wanna grow and change in our lives.

[00:37:01] Sue Bryce |  Once we categorize and start to see common denominators, you start see content that you've written, like, let's say you write accounting, and then you write bookkeeping. Accounting and bookkeeping can be one line instead of 2, So then you amalgamate them, and you start to blend the content together by the category, right? You start to see the category, you start to amalgamate and combine because you start to condense the content, instead of making it so dumpy, now it's got flow in starting to get organized, you're starting to see, a a path forward through the content, and then inevitably you're amalgamating it all together, and then you keep writing it and you keep writing it and you keep writing it and you keep writing it until you refine it. And when you refine it, you bullet point, you've plumped it up, you've done your categorization, you've done your organize, it's in the right flow. You've amalgamated excess.

[00:38:00] Sue Bryce |  You've trimmed off the flour. You've trimmed off anything that's not important or that's too much talking or that's not gonna get you to the next step, you and then you repeat that, and you do that over and over and over and over and over and over and again until it looks like that. Okay? And still, still, I have not told you that it's a product yet. Yes, I have.

[00:38:25] Sue Bryce |  I told you it was a workshop. So but it could also be a book, and it could be a coaching track. And it could also be an in person workshop. And it also could be cards And it also could be, a keynote. And, yes, it's definitely templates.

[00:38:54] Sue Bryce |  So at this point, my bones are strong, and here's the thing. I am emotionally attached to that workshop. I'm ready for it. That's gonna be my biggest workshop yet. My back just went I know it is.

[00:39:14] Sue Bryce |  I can feel it in my bones. And I need you to feel it in your bones. It's it's exciting. It's thrilling. Yes.

[00:39:22] Sue Bryce |  It could be a podcast, Kate. You're exactly right. It could be every one of those things. So then after I go through that, let's organize. Let's pump it up.

[00:39:32] Sue Bryce |  Let's refine it. Let's cut it down. Here it is. What is it? They're nice thing.

[00:39:39] Sue Bryce |  Is it a book? Is it all of those things? It's whatever I want it to be, but ultimately, that's where I'm going. And I start just to break that down one at a time and I start there. So now ask me more questions about, curating.

[00:39:59] Sue Bryce |  In order to photograph a specific genre, you have to know how to photograph period lighting. So do I start with that or dive right into the specialty, I'd prefer to offer both online courses because people are at different stages. Okay. Erica stopped trying to create content for other people and create content for you. What is the one thing you want to teach and how do you want to teach it that's more important than do I this is right for your audience.

[00:40:25] Sue Bryce |  I don't know what your audience is, and you do. So create content for you that they're asking for that you want I'm a mind map person with mind maps. The order is developed on its own. That's so true. I don't know.

[00:40:39] Sue Bryce |  I've never been taught any systems around journaling or mapping. But for me, brain dumping is just listing, listing, listing. And it wasn't until I started to teach that I realized I create content bullet points. And when I first met Felix, the first thing he said to me was you're an extraordinary educator because you teach in bullet points. And I said, yeah, I teach in next steps.

[00:41:11] Sue Bryce |  That is a next step, man. Next step. Next step. Next step. Do you think the main struggle out there with this phase in the writing was picking the subject and the theme, or do you feel like when it came time to brain dump, I wanna hear more about where people are stuck or blocked, because everyone's been very quiet in the chat today.

[00:41:33] Sue Bryce |  Question right now, my website is divided into 3 categories. Clients, education, and breast cancer survivorship body acceptance. Should I do 3 separate tracks or just make one big list? Okay. Mitzy is your brand, your name, and if it is, then ultimately, you're the mega brand, and you do all of these things.

[00:41:56] Sue Bryce |  This is where I think people are getting a little bit stuck, and it's around identity. So when you became, whatever you became, Whether it's a designer or a masseuse or a photographer, you went through an identity crisis to do it. You did. You're like, how do I call myself this thing? I did for years.

[00:42:16] Sue Bryce |  My imposter syndrome was extraordinary and very dramatic. And totally unnecessary. Then you realize this is not your identity. It's just a skill. And as you get older, you stud suddenly go, I don't want to be a designer anymore.

[00:42:35] Sue Bryce |  I dream I dream of being a painter. But you can't change because everyone knows you're a designer. So you have to lead a miserable life, unfulfilled, and never make money in your design business because you can't just change your identity. And shock people is like, it's not your identity, the brand. And in under that brand, So, okay, I teach photographers, I teach content curation, which is weird, because a lot of people don't teach that, I now teach a business class for creative solopreneurs, and they teach self value.

[00:43:19] Sue Bryce |  They are 4 very unique subjects, different from other, but all intertwined with my theme, and that is I teach through self value. I teach money through self value. I teach business through self value. In fact, I wanted to call this self value business. And then when I wrote it, I heard myself telling people about it, and I was like, oh, it's the ultimate personal brand workshop.

[00:43:49] Sue Bryce |  And then the boys were like, what are you gonna call it? And I was like, I think I just said it, right? Personal brand. So there you go. That to me excites me like nothing else.

[00:44:04] Sue Bryce |  So, yeah, I would look at it more like restructure how you communicate who you are, Mitsy, as the artist creator, and you are all of those things. You're a photographer, an educator, and your breast cancer survivor, and a body image in power. So if you use those 3 by threes, make it more like this is Mitsy's start with his brand, and this is my store, and this all the incredible things that I do. Now think about that for a minute. And does that make you feel uneasy, guys, when I tell you that you're changing to personal brand and that you can open it for you because it brings up your imposter syndrome of when you started your brand the first time and you didn't even think you were good enough to be whatever you are calling yourself.

[00:45:00] Sue Bryce |  Which is hilarious, isn't it? So that tells me the success of your personal brand is on the other side of that fear. So if I empower you, then your personal brand is empowered. All I have to do is empower you, you're the person in the brand. Now I said something that a lot of people gave me feedback around in week 1, I said, I don't want Gen Z.

[00:45:34] Sue Bryce |  I don't want millennials. I want my people. I'm a 50 plus woman. I want 50 plus woman. They control the world's wealth Right now, fifty plus women control the world's wealth.

[00:45:51] Sue Bryce |  They are inheriting from the appearance and their husbands. They are rich. They are the biggest spenders of luxury shopping, luxury lingerie, and as you know, as a photographer that promotes photographing women over 50. It's because they are the most unseen shopping demographic in the world and are the ones spending the most amount of money. They spend money on their grandbabies, they spend money on their children, they spend money, money, money, money, money, and I want those women.

[00:46:22] Sue Bryce |  I want those women to empower them in self value. I wanna empower them in menopause. I wanna empower them in business. I because they're incredible entrepreneurs. And a lot of them are starting businesses in their fifties, and it is joyful to me.

[00:46:36] Sue Bryce |  That's who I want. So if you speak to the people you want, your people You don't have to try and create a personal brand that is attractive to the masses. So if you're honestly sitting there going, what do I have to offer? I'm fifty three years old. I'm uneducated.

[00:46:53] Sue Bryce |  I don't look that good on camera. You know, then speak to yourself. Because that too's gonna come to your brand. The people that hear your voice and go, I'm just like you. I wanna be just like you.

[00:47:05] Sue Bryce |  You're so confident. Carrie Anne, I really wanna hear now that you've been putting yourself out there doing reels and speaking, what's the feedback you're getting from your clients right now because you're putting your face on your reels. Now you don't have a mic and they can't hear you, so you just have to tell me and I'm gonna repeat it. They're saying they're saying her and they feel it because obviously your very authentic on camera and it's coming through beautifully, even when you had your little mic and you were interviewing at that event, I was like, Carrie, you are slaying. Your outfits have been, like, just incredible because because you're bringing attention to yourself, but you're also bringing attention to what you're wearing because you were commenting on this, thanks, this outfit was blah blah blah.

[00:47:54] Sue Bryce |  And you just splayed that. And I could see that, like, you've always been very vibrant and beautiful to me, because I know you, but I thought your clients must be like seeing you like that and just this gorgeous vibrant you know? They're loving it. It's attracting them to the evening. Yep.

[00:48:14] Sue Bryce |  So Carrie just said that they're loving it and they're attracting to her even more. Because she's putting herself so authentically in her brand. One of the main things I wanna teach is emotion based. I move and think fast and generally jump into things feet first. So I'm having a hard time figuring out how to create courses and steps to create, a multiple video offering.

[00:48:35] Sue Bryce |  So, Tamara, the reason that you jump into things fast is because your emotional person. That's what emotional people do. Like, I tend to do the same thing because I'm heart lead as well. So when you write this, and then you write it, and then you write it again, and then you write it again, and you write it again, and you go from that to that when you refine it and you still love the content, that's when you know you should be doing it. Because what's the question I'm gonna ask you when tell me what your product is.

[00:49:10] Sue Bryce |  What's the one thing I'm gonna stand in front of you and say, oh, tell me about what are you gonna make? And you're gonna say, I'm gonna do a workshop, and I go, cool, tell me about it, and you're gonna tell me about it. What am I gonna say after you've told me all about it? What am I gonna say to you? Do you love it?

[00:49:30] Sue Bryce |  And then what I'm gonna say? Can you sell it? Do you love it? Can you sell it? Now, the cool part about this is I woke up, I looked at this, and I said, I not only love this, I can sell a hell out of that, because I love it.

[00:49:49] Sue Bryce |  I can feel it. I love it. I love it. Right? I love, love, love it.

[00:49:55] Sue Bryce |  Alright. There was a question, sorry, I missed. Did I hear that right? The different should go under one umbrella like self value? No, no, what you can do is Wait a minute.

[00:50:12] Sue Bryce |  What was the name on that question? Sorry. Alexandra. So Alexandra, one topic you might need to just give me a little bit more clarity, and I'll make sure that Melissa gets that message to me. How to get over imposter syndrome is master it, and then you're not an imposter anymore.

[00:50:30] Sue Bryce |  The reason you have imposter syndrome is because you are one. You only feel like an imposter until you've mastered it. So master it. And if you're spending time being an imposter, let you go, I just can't get over the imposter syndrome, then you're not actually mastering it, so you should try mastering it. And in order to master something, you have to do it.

[00:50:53] Sue Bryce |  And in order to master it, you have to do it every day. And if you don't love it, then you can't master it. That simple, guys. If you create something and you're not excited to show up to that creation, you didn't create anything. Or maybe you created it for someone else to get excited about, and you sell it to somebody else to do because it's a great idea.

[00:51:15] Sue Bryce |  It just didn't excite you, and I do that. All the time. I write entire ideas down, and then I look at it the next day, and I go, I'm not gonna do that. I don't want to activate that. But I'll just keep it there.

[00:51:29] Sue Bryce |  And then Melissa will walk in and say, oh, just last night, I just thought I've gotta write that book. And I go, Yeah. You do because this clearly was for you. And then she'll go, what? Oh, that's great.

[00:51:41] Sue Bryce |  Thanks. Good tip. It's like sometimes I get ideas for other people, and that's also okay. The best part about that is when you write ideas for other people, it means that not all the ideas that you get are good and not all the ideas you get are going somewhere and not all the ideas that you get that come into your brain, should be activated on, but they were ideas and they came through for a reason, that's where you'd keep everything. Because sometimes you just write down the idea and just Move the page over, and that pile just keeps growing.

[00:52:12] Sue Bryce |  So the topics are self management, money management, and self marketing, I'm going with empowering women. Okay. So if you say self value is my overarching theme, that just means that everything I basically speak about comes from, I believe, that if you see yourself as more, you'll start asking for more. So it's how I teach. That's not I don't even have to say it.

[00:52:41] Sue Bryce |  It might be in my description. But yes, to me, I, I know that that's where I teach. Like, how I teach is what attracts me attracts people to me. So how you teach will be what attracts people to you. How to align what we love with the market know No, Samir.

[00:53:03] Sue Bryce |  No. No. We don't align what we love with the market. We make products that we love to share with the market. So don't be too concerned about aligning with the market.

[00:53:16] Sue Bryce |  I do ask this question, is there a hole in the market When you wanna create something, I go, is there a hole in the market? And I don't say, is there room for you in the market? Because there's always room for you. There's enough for everybody. If you don't believe that, you cannot get to abundance.

[00:53:37] Sue Bryce |  There is enough for everybody. If there are 10 photographers sitting in a room, the most clients you can take is 200 a year. That's 200,000 people. There are fifty times more than that they need to be photographed in this town alone right now, even if there was 10 of you booking 200 shoots a year, there is still enough for me. And if you don't believe that work on your abundance, because you're already blocking the income if you believe there's not enough for you.

[00:54:08] Sue Bryce |  So when I say is there a hole in the market, I say, is there a big hole in the market? Because if you can identify a need that is not being met, you are going to crush that space, crush it. Then I say, is there a market in the whole? Because you gotta ask. But once I've done that, I go back to abundance.

[00:54:36] Sue Bryce |  And then I understand one law. If I have curated this content for me with my energy and full creation and love energy, and it's lighting me up, and it's so powerful. And I love delivering it. I love creating it. I love delivering it.

[00:54:52] Sue Bryce |  I love sharing it, and I love selling it, that's clarity. That is already a product of value. Because you know I already value it. And most of you, when you're putting content out there, are not valuing it and wondering why it's not selling. You're not connecting it, and then wondering why it's not selling.

[00:55:16] Sue Bryce |  And I tell you why it's not selling because it's not connected. To you, all the people out there that are using it. How did you overcome the overwhelming part of fig figuring out what you need to film a course. What you need to film a course is the content. That's what you need.

[00:55:36] Sue Bryce |  You can do it on your phone. That's the least of your worries. The most powerful thing you can create is the content that goes in all the products. Filming it is basic. It's so easy.

[00:55:50] Sue Bryce |  You're gonna get a camera a phone or a production crew. I'll give you all three levels. I think that's week 6. And I walk you through my home studio, a production studio, and everything I do on my phone. Filming it's not your problem, creating the content.

[00:56:09] Sue Bryce |  Is. And before you film it as a workshop, you're going to create a beta test. A beta test is done on zoom. There is no filming. There is no technical skill that you will need to get through week 3, to create, and guess what?

[00:56:29] Sue Bryce |  I just made a $1,000,000. That's what I said. Can you feel it? That's what content is. It's money.

[00:56:47] Sue Bryce |  Now If you called me right now, instead, would you come and speak at my conference? This content is in my frontal lobe. It so flows out of my mouth because I've been writing it for weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. So when you see me, I'm like a stand up comedian that's done 1 year of free shows with your phone locked. And I saw Chris Rock's last special.

[00:57:14] Sue Bryce |  I saw the first one after Will Smith Slacked him. It was the week later. I saw that, and it was very rudimentary. And then I saw it 1 year later when he filmed the special in Phoenix, and I got to see the same comedy act twice the first time in the last time And being that I'm a professional speaker, I got to see it through the lens of being a speaker and developing the content. By the time he got to his special, there was maybe 30% of that original content was so beautifully developed into that final content.

[00:57:46] Sue Bryce |  And it was just incredible and to see the the growth of his content. By the time you're talking to me on coaching, I beta test this 2 years ago. I work personally with over 50 curators that have my phone number and tech me on a daily basis when they curate in content. I work with speakers, educators. I book speakers for my conference.

[00:58:11] Sue Bryce |  I book speakers and teach people and connect with people and teach and how to talk on stage and how to curate content. So by the time I get here, I'm so in my flow. I've got all of my knowledge here. It's connected to real life things. I've got people around me.

[00:58:27] Sue Bryce |  I'm having conversations. This content is big for me. It's it's it's in my life, and everything about it, like Melissa and I are also friends. So when we go out and have dinner, we'll still talk about curator, and we'll have an idea for curator, or she'll talk about coaching. And we're constantly talking about this content, and it's a big part of my life.

[00:58:48] Sue Bryce |  And I realized that now if I got up to do a talk right now, and you said I want you to do a 1 hour talk on why people should build a personal brand. I don't even have to write this keynote. Those bullet points are my keynote. So I could not only those 8 bullet points. I could what is a 90 minute keynote?

[00:59:09] Sue Bryce |  And I've got 8 verticals. So I've got basically 10 minutes per vertical to hit home my message and then do a really cool intro and a really big finish. So I can even create those as bullet points in my keynote. It's so many products, and that is my content. And then I make it into whatever I want it to be, and you just keep developing content.

[00:59:39] Sue Bryce |  Mitsy has created her, online work shop, and she licensed to TPM, and TPM, and are looking for licensing. Alright? License content, I and it has to be pristine audio. If you give me some crappy audio, you know, no. And it has to be good video, but that meet and veg, the descriptions, the titles, and your speaker profile, we're ready.

[01:00:05] Sue Bryce |  You create content And if it's good, it will get licensed. That means somebody else is selling to the audience and you're getting the percentage while you sleep. Now, Mitsy just put out her physical cards as well, her prompts. So the more products I start to see people curating now the more excited I get because I want all eight products, all taps turned on in your business. Turn on those taps.

[01:00:31] Sue Bryce |  All of them. There's money coming in everywhere. Look at your little money making machines. Money making machines. Alright.

[01:00:44] Sue Bryce |  I tried the opposite way and almost sabotaged my entire coaching business by trying to create, what I thought everyone needed it. Yeah. It's so here's the thing, Tracy, that's the most unique thing about creating anything is when I create for myself, I'm in an energy of creation. It's that energy that is the magic. Being in that energy of flow, like, I feel when I say I feel a physical reaction to these verticals because they're They're all intrinsically tied to my story, my growth, my business, my business story, all of my businesses.

[01:01:30] Sue Bryce |  I can track through this story, my timeline, my money timeline, This is so tied to me that it's like, wow, I did not see that coming. If you told me you'd asked me, what did I say? I told you I created a business workshop. I'd already started talking about it in the videos. I keep saying I've done a business workshop.

[01:01:53] Sue Bryce |  I've done a business workshop. The title did not come to me until I wrote that out. It still said business at the top, and then I showed the boys and said, I'm ready for you to, do my bones for and bones means a workshop page and a workshop page means a sales page. And when there's a sales page, that means we're making money. Yeah.

[01:02:20] Sue Bryce |  Bones. Alright. I have 2 businesses, personal finance, and newborn baby photography. I feel am a master in both. Very good.

[01:02:29] Sue Bryce |  I can talk about any of these topics with a light in my eye to anyone, who show any little interest I can talk for hours. Now the question is, should I, I, or I choose one to teach? Should, coulda, woulda, Prada? K? But that what do you love?

[01:02:53] Sue Bryce |  And what do you wanna teach first? You know, there's a really big difference to what people want to create for themselves, but are too scared to. And that's why I was like, when you choose something, are you not writing your name on it out of fear of saying that identity? Who not doing this, because you think you can't become this thing. Like, who would get upset with you if you put that you were a speaker or an educator or a workshop teacher on your business page.

[01:03:24] Sue Bryce |  Who would care? Who would judge you right now? Who would say You know, when I first started teaching in the US, the biggest argument online was you have to be a qualified aesthetician to be a makeup artist. And I'm like, no, you don't. And it just went on for weeks months, and there were people that would throw down on Facebook, like I was ruining their lives, because I was telling people that anybody could be a makeup artist, and that there is a loophole in the US with, TV, film and video, where the loop hole was when somebody was on film or video that they did not have to be a qualified aesthetician to do hair and makeup.

[01:04:10] Sue Bryce |  That is the loophole. I've proved it. I've showed it. I even bought in a makeup artist, international, American makeup artist who's well known all around the world to prove that you don't have to be a qualified and still people threw down over it. So when I saw somebody say, Do you have to be a qualified coach in order to call yourself a coach, I was like, Wow.

[01:04:33] Sue Bryce |  I know people that have spent 1000 of dollars on coaching certificates, and are not good coaches. So I don't know. No, you don't. That's the the basic question is, no, you don't. But can you call yourself a coach when you're not a coach?

[01:04:50] Sue Bryce |  Well, I absolutely coach And I do call myself 1. No, I don't have a qualification to call myself 1, and I don't believe it's necessary because I have the experience. Yeah. But people will throw down over it, and I know it will be very important, and those people will be people that pay 1000 of dollars to become coaches. I was told by potential sponsors that my hole in the market I want to go for doesn't have a big enough audience for them to get involved.

[01:05:20] Sue Bryce |  Is something absolutely no one has ever done before, and I have the skill and education to do it. Rule number 1, when you break new ground, you're breaking new ground, just because other people can't see it, doesn't mean it can't happen. Rule number 2, I don't have sponsors. Because sponsors tell you what to say, what to do, and where to say it, and where to do it. And nobody is the boss of me, so you don't need sponsors, do it yourself.

[01:05:44] Sue Bryce |  Keep the money all for yourself. I need to teach. Otherwise, I will bore my makeup artist with how they could make the same images if they theoretically had a camera. That is so true. I think I made most of my makeup artist photographers.

[01:06:02] Sue Bryce |  They're actually better retouches than photographers. A lot of the time, they don't wanna be photographers, but you show them touching, and it's just a face with a brush. Right? They're just literally makeup artists are the best retouches, so I trained all of my makeup artists to be retouches, they would do the makeup, I would do the shoot, then they'd retouch it and leave. How cool is that?

[01:06:24] Sue Bryce |  That was my favorite setup. I have my bones. I beta tested it. I procrastinated. I don't call myself a coach or an at it, but I did for 10 years.

[01:06:35] Sue Bryce |  Right? So at any time, you can decide what you're going to allow for yourself and what you're not applications come with dead entities. I know qualifications are also money grabs because a lot of the times the qualifications that they're asking you to pay for is of just a money grab. And it's like, it's cool. I mean, it's just not necessary, so you know, I think that's important.

[01:06:59] Sue Bryce |  Do we have any questions in here? You don't nobody will hear you, but I'll repeat it. Thanks, Jen. Now Jen does all my homework. As I told you last week, Jen from Ten Get it down.

[01:07:17] Sue Bryce |  And she's done all of the homework that you guys have, Sarah, and it's super beautiful, and I love it. And I really, really love it. Thanks. And I texted Jen all my pictures, and I said, I'm not doing your homework today on this slide. I'm using all of my pictures, and Jen was like, I need a copy of all of those.

[01:07:33] Sue Bryce |  Gina is fascinated with handwriting. And when I write notes, she always just like, watches me write notes. She's like, and she's she's been practicing. And I was like, Really, I can do better than that. I should, like, put in a little bit more effort.

[01:07:52] Sue Bryce |  Talk about having started clothes that we could do those about. You gave me advice stories for this time. Writing clothes for everything. It just really Yeah. Okay.

[01:08:01] Sue Bryce |  So Melissa's just saying that, don't be afraid of doing multiple bones. And then seeing the part that lights you up. Also, it's really weird, but when I see people put down content, And let's say you do 4 or 5 different ones, and they're really different. They're completely different subjects. I have this way of seeing subjects, and I know it's part of my Clifton strengths.

[01:08:31] Sue Bryce |  Because, I did my CliftonStrengths with Terry Hoffman. And one of my CliftonStrengths is relator. It's in my top 10. And it's weird, but I can relate things to thi I don't know why or how it's a gift, but I can. And I can find a common thread in relating to people and things always.

[01:08:54] Sue Bryce |  It's like, I can just see it. And sometimes I see themes come up in your content. Then I'm like, Well, this feels very much like it's this, and this feels like it's that, and people are like, and they're not saying it. You need to know something. Everything is right in front of you.

[01:09:12] Sue Bryce |  The path is right in front of you. You're already doing it in a way. It's just right in front of you. You just can't see the value yet. You just can't see the value yet.

[01:09:23] Sue Bryce |  So it's so incredible. It is truly, truly. It I say it's unfolding, but it's so right in front of you. It's gonna piss you off when you get clarity. You're just gonna go like and it's easier than what you think.

[01:09:42] Sue Bryce |  Simplify it. Right? There was a question there, and I just missed it. Sorry. How do you find out if there's a hole in the market without saying would you be interested in or coming soon?

[01:09:52] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Yes. So I don't believe in asking my audience what they want because then I'm curating content for them, not me. But they do listen to the questions and they understand what they need by the questions they ask me. So it's more about how do I get the confidence, how do I get over imposter syndrome, how do I network, how do I Then I know that all the questions are around self growth.

[01:10:22] Sue Bryce |  They want confidence. They wanna know what to say. They wanna know how to connect their message. They wanna know how to speak and clarify their branding and marketing message. They'll need an invitation, a promise.

[01:10:36] Sue Bryce |  And I can tell by the questions I'm being asked, what the theme that people need, I can feel it. And it's really obvious when you curate content, and then you watch people go through it. So when you beta test anything and they're doing it, where people get stuck is where you need to add content, and where people get stuck is when you see them get stuck, you're gonna go, I've got a solution for that. I can work through that. I know how to get through that.

[01:11:05] Sue Bryce |  I got through that. I saw someone get through I didn't go through that, but I know somebody that did. I didn't go through that. Let me call my mentor and see how she would get through that. Because I don't know how to answer that.

[01:11:19] Sue Bryce |  And if you don't know how to answer something, do you know the most powerful response to when you do not know the answer? I do not know the answer to that, but I'm gonna find it. I'm gonna find out. That is a brilliant question, and I'm up here and I do not have an answer for you. But I want the answer to that, so I'm gonna find it.

[01:11:48] Sue Bryce |  Come and see me afterwards. Give me your email address, and I will find a way to answer that question, but don't pretend that you know because you don't, you know. People will test you from the audio It's just a very natural thing. People will ask a question of you in a backhanded way to test you. And the more humble I answered those questions, the more the audience would just, like, go, she's incredible.

[01:12:17] Sue Bryce |  She's incredible. Because I would not lie, I was like, I sucked at that. I failed for years. I still suck at it. I still hate doing it.

[01:12:27] Sue Bryce |  And people would be like, not the answer I thought I was gonna get. Cause I was like, if I'm not honest up here, about how hard it was, then it's not real. It's not real. And that's really true. I think that that's very, very important.

[01:12:44] Sue Bryce |  So, yes, connecting to your content, falling in love with it, getting excited about it. So Melissa said she wrote multiple things, and Melissa has futuristic in her top 10 Clifton strengths. I can tell because when I curate content with her, she gets way ahead of everybody at the table. Like, she'll be go she'll go, that's great. That'd be a great workshop.

[01:13:06] Sue Bryce |  Will also be a great retreat. We could do that in Sedona. That would be a great conference. I found a really good event place for four thousand people, and it's like, So you're futuristic. Now, a futuristic person needs to create something now.

[01:13:25] Sue Bryce |  And a futuristic person will keep going into the future. And so I am a prolific curator, and I've learned how to systemize my curating, so it actually comes to fruition. That's why I have a producer because a producer produces a result. I curate content. There are 2 different things there.

[01:13:48] Sue Bryce |  I can curate content so prolifically that if you asked me to write the a bullet bones, like I did with my business ones, 64 points, In under an hour, yes, I could do that around just about anything, but I can't make it into a product until I give it to somebody that takes action. I'm a creator, I'm not meant to finish a damn thing. I meant to create it and sell it. And that is my superpower so find a way to finish those products and find a way, but what Melissa was saying was she's futuristic, so she wrote 6 different bullets for 6 different products, very uniquely different. She got a book over here, and she has a workshop over here, and then a retreat over here, And because she's been in in the coaching law, industry, she's also got content for them.

[01:14:43] Sue Bryce |  And so instantly, she was divided with all the products in front of her, and I just told her to keep doing it, to not stop Keep laying them out. Don't throw them away. But then when you wake up the next day, read it again. And like I said, if you can feel it in your gut, Read it again the next day, refine it. I want you to fall in love with it, and I want you to get so excited about the content.

[01:15:10] Sue Bryce |  You have to make something with it. That's how you should feel. It shouldn't feel is it good enough? Yes. You should absolutely feel that.

[01:15:18] Sue Bryce |  You should feel like you're asking that question like, oh my gosh, is it finished? Could I make something with this? Is it, is it, is it good enough? And then you're like, I want you to show up to it until it gives you goosebumps, until you just, imagining, teaching it or speaking or writing it or designing it, or filming it, or recording it, or doing it, or booking it, or selling it, And when you love it, you get to that point, and you're like, I really want to do this. And I really love this.

[01:15:50] Sue Bryce |  This is incredible. Now I watched a lot of photographers because I am still connected to WPPI get booked as speakers at the conference this year, And instead of coming out on their social media, like, if you're a photographer, you need to be at the conference. I'm speaking on marketing. I'm speaking on business. I'm doing a live shoot.

[01:16:12] Sue Bryce |  Instead of, like, sharing incredible what they do, most of the posts were like, I have been asked to speak. Okay. Cool. Aren't you special? But that was not marketing their class, but it doesn't get bumps on seats.

[01:16:33] Sue Bryce |  That was like I was chosen. It and it's not connected or giving information. It was like, look at me. I'm so special. I've been chosen.

[01:16:43] Sue Bryce |  Whereas I'm gonna use that as an opportunity if I'm being booked for a conference to meet my people. Where are my people at? That's the first thing I'm gonna do. Where are my people at? I'm coming to this conference, and I wanna meet all of you.

[01:17:01] Sue Bryce |  You know, and how you do that, how you speak yourself out of your own is because when you write that, you're essentially trying to sell something, you're trying to say, look, how important I am, instead of showing what you're doing and connecting what you're doing, you're just saying it. It's like, Stop. Show people what you're doing. Not what you're selling. Yeah.

[01:17:28] Sue Bryce |  Cause they love that. And it makes a big difference. So, yeah, I want to you to understand that every time you put content out there, you're really, you're really just connecting it. You're not selling it. You're connecting it.

[01:17:55] Sue Bryce |  When do you know when to stop refining? Yes. When do I know to stop refining? I don't. I won't.

[01:18:04] Sue Bryce |  Aaron's gonna call for this information on an email. That's the moment I'm gonna have to, like, send it. Once I've sent it, it's course page. So I'm like, am I happy with this course page? Can do I love this?

[01:18:18] Sue Bryce |  Can I sell this? 1 100%. Yes. I can sell this. So I was like, alright, there's no chicken on your chain.

[01:18:30] Sue Bryce |  When you go to sell anything, your shame comes up, that shame. And shame comes up because shame is am I good enough to do this? Am I good enough to put myself out there, my face out there, my knowledge out there, my content out there, my voice out there, That's shame. And I have no shame. When I connect to content and I know it's good, that's when know I can sell it.

[01:19:01] Sue Bryce |  I have no shame. I only am so proud. And you know what? You can't shame me for writing, a really good workshop. You can't shame me for it.

[01:19:15] Sue Bryce |  You could hate it and say I didn't like it, but you can't shame me. So I can't be ashamed. So somebody couldn't write a shitty comment on like, if somebody wrote trolleys come in and said, like, who do you think you are? I'd be like, someone who's made $43,000,000 in business and their personal brand and wants to teach it to the rest of the world because I was a poor kid from New Zealand that grew up with no education, and I believe that anyone can be successful if they focus on it. There's no shame.

[01:19:44] Sue Bryce |  That's when, and I realize something. I had a lot of shamers, a photographer. I didn't feel worthy of the price ticket that I was selling my work for. And that took years and years and years years. And what got me out of that shame was mastery because it didn't matter if you tried to shame me for being a poor kid or making so much money, I mastered my craft, and I earned the right to get that money.

[01:20:13] Sue Bryce |  And that took me years, and that was a horrible, horrible growth period and lesson, but when I look at this now and I've come to a place where I am valuable, I see myself as valuable, and I'm I'm I can curate content that helps people. I move the needle I change people's money lives. I change people's businesses and brands. And I'm like, now I'm just super proud of the content that I curate, and I absolutely wanna share it with the world. And you can get to the same place.

[01:20:46] Sue Bryce |  In fact, if you still feel shame around selling anything, that's the number 3 in this vertical is money. That stops you from getting to the next steps in your business, and your personal brand is about to be really, really big. So You can go no further if you don't sort out your money energy. Yeah. Okay.

[01:21:22] Sue Bryce |  Up what we're doing. Yes. So when I started teaching, on Creative Life, 2012, my very first big broadcast when I first started coaching. So I started doing in person workshops in 2019, sorry, 2010, And it was 2012 where I did my first live broadcast. And at the time, I was talking only about my photo business, not my coaching business.

[01:21:46] Sue Bryce |  So all my numbers were around my photo business. Everything you heard was around photo. And it was because I was teaching photographers, they wanted to know how to sell. So you're not teaching sales or money, then you don't talk about income anyway. And I never talked about my coaching income to my student until I left that coaching.

[01:22:12] Sue Bryce |  So I'm only saying it now, so I never said it. Before, before I was talking about how I got to my average sale. And if you've already done that, then you're talking about how you got to your average sale. Because you're not coaching my content. You're coaching how you learned through my content.

[01:22:32] Sue Bryce |  Remember? It's not it's how you got through it. You might have done it a different way. So you can teach your way. But really, what you're really asking is what do you want to teach?

[01:22:45] Sue Bryce |  What do you want, like, what do you really want to teach? What is that? What what do you really want to teach? That's a question for you. Yeah.

[01:22:54] Sue Bryce |  What is that? What's the answer? Teaching creators how to build business. Okay. So yeah.

[01:23:02] Sue Bryce |  So then break it down and start with marketing. Because marketing is one of the biggest now where does marketing fall in our themes? Marketing would be business. Or mastery. It could be craft even.

[01:23:18] Sue Bryce |  But, like, for me, marketing is when you say teach business and marketing. Marketing is clarity. And once you teach people that clarity, they're unstoppable because they've got to get to the clarity first. Which is that identity? Who am I?

[01:23:33] Sue Bryce |  What do I want? That is the power. I'm gonna call for the last questions out there, chat because I've only got a few minutes left. And I'm gonna make sure that everyone gets to ask me if they need to ask me something. Otherwise, you can tag me in school.

[01:23:45] Sue Bryce |  Is there such a thing as dreaming too big? There is a massive hole here in Australia at the moment, and I want to take over the world. Well, Lynn, do you wanna take over Australia or the world? Yes. There is.

[01:23:57] Sue Bryce |  Let me tell you how you dream too big. Streaming too big is when you stand in front of me and you say, I just have so many goals and aspirations, and I just can't move on any of them because they're so big. And I go, yes, that's another form of avoidance. It's right up there with perfectionism. Sounds a lot like bullshit to me.

[01:24:17] Sue Bryce |  And the best thing about it is that really you dream so big that you can't take a step in the now. That's avoidance. That is pure avoidance. I don't care how big you wanna dream. You will be come as big as you want to be.

[01:24:35] Sue Bryce |  That is exactly how far you're going to go. But you can't go further than your emotional self. So if you are stopping yourself moving forward because your dreams are too big, you're lying you're just avoiding. Now, Lynn, Australia is a big place, and there is a big hole in the market. So start with that hole.

[01:24:56] Sue Bryce |  And if it ends up going to the world domination, then inevitably that was going to happen. But, like, when I think about 28 days, the workshop that made, out of the 10,000,000 I made on creative live with my 3 workshops, that made 7,000,000. That was my big That was my big, big workshop. And I didn't set out to film 28 video. I wrote bullet points on how I trained 4 photographers, and and how I trained them next step, next step, next step, I wrote a list, and it was 28 steps.

[01:25:34] Sue Bryce |  And then I realized I got them all to my average sale in 1 month, that tells me it was 28 days. That's how I named it, that's how I called it, and that workshop was the was the bones of Subrise Education because 28 days became 12 weeks became 12 month startup, and then it became a platform. So inevitably, I dominated the world in portrait photography, but never once that I set out to dominate the world, I set out to be the best speaker on stage. So when I saw the stage, I I watched it, and I was like, who are the good ones? Why are they good?

[01:26:23] Sue Bryce |  What are they doing? What are they saying? What are they doing right? And what are they doing wrong? And, they did so many things wrong.

[01:26:30] Sue Bryce |  And I took the best of everything that they did right. And I said, I'm gonna be the best speaker in that room. I'm gonna be the best speaker at that conference. I'm gonna be the best speaker on that platform, and I am and I was because I went after it, and I realized that I was gonna do some thing that nobody else was doing. I was gonna get up there and talk about myself, but I was really gonna talk about you, and it swayed because everybody in the room got something, and they felt like I was talking to them, not about myself.

[01:27:04] Sue Bryce |  That's how I did it, and I got to the top of my field in every room that I stood in, just doing that. You know, So my recommendation on how to present and gather information from beta testing, Araha. Good to see you. I know there's not second Arohan here. So I know which Aroha I'm talking to.

[01:27:23] Sue Bryce |  Aroha means love in Mauri in my native language, in our native language, because Aroha is from New Zealand she lives in Canada. So, Adelha, we're going to beta testing quite deep dive, next week, maybe the weaker. So I've got lots to say about beta testing because I do not want you to launch anything until you've beta tested it. Listen, why it's gonna change The fact that I didn't even call that personal brand until last week, it's gonna change. You know, you're gonna change it.

[01:27:52] Sue Bryce |  Even when you feel it's refined, it's gonna change again. And after your beta test, it's gonna change again. So if you announce, I'm doing a beta test. No. No.

[01:28:02] Sue Bryce |  I'm looking for one on one subjects that I can coach. And you can charge for your beta test. You can say, I'm looking. I've got a $2000 coaching package that selling for 400 bucks because I'm beta testing new content. I want 4 powerhouse businesses that wanna work through this with me.

[01:28:18] Sue Bryce |  You're going to qualify the people. Once you qualify them, you're going to move their needle. Move it. Cause if you believe that you can move someone's needle, move theirs show it, show you moving it. And when you move them, have them tell everybody that you moved it.

[01:28:39] Sue Bryce |  Like blow them out of the water, change their freaking lives, enhance their business, empower them, change them, show it, do it for free, prove it. Show me you can do this. When I got books for WPPI, The booking dude George Veronica told me we don't pay international speakers to fly over. I said I'll already be in the US. And he was like, Dan, you booked.

[01:29:08] Sue Bryce |  I paid for that. When WPPI booked me, they said, oh, we'd love you to come, but we don't pay for international speakers. I said, I will already be there shooting and doing workshops. I paid for that. When people said, we wanna sponsor you, I said, I don't use your products.

[01:29:25] Sue Bryce |  They said, it doesn't matter. We're gonna pay you to say you do. I said, I don't lie I paid for that. I did not take sponsorship. Nobody told me where to talk, where to say what to wear, what to do, and what to hold I did that.

[01:29:39] Sue Bryce |  I sponsored myself. I'm the reason I'm a speaker here. I'm the reason I got to the top of the speaker list. I did that. Nobody does that for you.

[01:29:48] Sue Bryce |  Do it yourself. Pay for it yourself. Turn up yourself. Work on the content. Be the best speaker on stage.

[01:29:56] Sue Bryce |  Give the most, connect the most, learn the most. Do you know what else I did? I would go to a conference. I would be the 3rd or 4th speaker. I watched every speaker before me.

[01:30:07] Sue Bryce |  Do you know how many times I watched a presenter use a quote that I potentially was gonna use in my talk, and then I removed it, or that I saw the next speaker do the same quote as the person before, and they didn't watch that speaker so they're standing up saying this quote for the first time, and the audience is like, yeah, last guy hit that pretty hard. And I would watch every speaker in the room, how did the room react How quiet were they? How good it's speaking? Were they? What information did they give?

[01:30:36] Sue Bryce |  How many notes did I write down? Was I entertained? What was entertaining? And I watched, and I learned, and I watched, and I said, I'm gonna do better. I'm gonna do better.

[01:30:46] Sue Bryce |  I'll take that. I'll take that. Good tip, and I'm gonna do better. And I got up, and I did better. And that's how I did it.

[01:30:53] Sue Bryce |  And you practice and you practice beta testing is practice. Workshops are practice. Practice. Practice. Networking is practice.

[01:31:00] Sue Bryce |  Practice practice. Get better at it. And then it's easy. Alright. I love you all.

[01:31:11] Sue Bryce |  Thank you so much for doing this work. I do love watching people unfold. And I've talked to your ear off for an hour a half. I'll see you next week. You can tag me in schools if you need me.

[01:31:22] Sue Bryce |  I want to see more bones. I want you to not stop I want you to honestly be able to stand in front of me and tell me about what your bones are, and I'm gonna ask you, do you love it? Can you sell it? Two questions. Yes.

[01:31:38] Sue Bryce |  Is it valuable? Is it fun? But do you love it? Can you sell it?


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 3 Coaching ====
