==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 6 Coaching ====

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce |  Up right now. Stop. Stop with the pressure. Stop with what you think you should do with this class. It comes down to this.

[00:00:07] Sue Bryce |  I'm going to create something of so much value that it actually brings me joy to do it. I'm gonna communicate this product with so much value, it's actually going to bring me joy to do it every day, so much so I don't want to do anything else. I'm gonna put a price on it, and I'm gonna sell it an equal exchange of value because that's what I'm worth. And in order to sell that, I need to just believe it valuable, and if I don't believe I'm valuable, then what am I selling for? And if I don't believe I'm valuable, then what am I standing up the front of the room for?

[00:00:41] Sue Bryce |  And if I don't believe I'm valuable, then why am I curating this content, writing this workshop, writing this speech, writing this coaching track, creating these products? If I'm not valuable, then what the hell am I doing here? So don't tell me it's about anything else but self value. Because I don't need to work 12 hours. I need to work 2 connected hours in a full place of loving, giving, and being and I am enough.

[00:01:09] Sue Bryce |  I am enough. I am enough in 2 hours. Yes. I'd love to give you 10 because I'm an overgiver. Yes.

[00:01:17] Sue Bryce |  I'd love to give you 10 hours because I feel like if I give you 10, you will think I'm more valuable you will think I'm a better instructor. So let me give you more of myself and more of my time so that I can just be good enough for you and I will never be enough because whoever I'm giving to will just want more and more and more. And if what I'm giving makes you feel good of course, they want more. They're lining up to get more from you to charge them for more, and if you cannot equal exchange this in credible value, then you don't see it yet, and you won't be able to sell it bottom line end of story. Thank you.

[00:01:57] Sue Bryce |  It's been a great That's it. All I'm ever trying to do is connect you to your true voice and your true path and your real strength not your ego self, the thing that you really want to do doing and saying and making and creating what you really want to create And then once I tell you you're good enough to make that product, I'm going to tell you now that you have to share it with value and now you have to take all of that you've created and give it with the same value that you have already created in your business. But my voice is not valuable. My time is not valuable. I am not valuable.

[00:02:40] Sue Bryce |  You're the only one that can decide that nobody makes that decision for you. You're the only person that decides that metric full stop. So I just asked the room, what first product you're gonna make? I got digital product, don't know yet, workshop, coaching, tricks, speaking content, I got templates, digital products, workshops, more speaking, a retreat, another retreat. Everybody here is choosing something uniquely different.

[00:03:08] Sue Bryce |  And when I asked everybody in the room, I was like, what's the first product you gotta make? Most people went, ah, ah, ah, because you weren't expecting me to say that, were you? Because the truth is is you can make whatever you want to make and if you've gotten through these 6 weeks and you still don't know what you want to make, it's okay. It's okay because very soon in the next month or 2, you're just going to be sitting there and you're going to be like, wait, this might be what I've saying I didn't know that I needed to do to get

[00:03:36] Sue Bryce |  to the oh my god.

[00:03:39] Sue Bryce |  And little light bulbs go boom boom boom, I wish I could share the breakthroughs that I've had with the people that I've had that have broken through because I've watched some people get to a place where they're just like, Oh, I now have just such a clear path in front of me that I never thought that I wait. This is like lit up now, and but that's okay. We all move at different rates. I'd say most of the people who, have already started to lock on to an idea of what the product that they want to make is already new when they came in, I'm probably gonna make a workshop or I really want to make a workshop. It occurred to me after writing this workshop, this workshop, telling people how much I love writing workshops and teaching workshops that I was like, I would like to take June, to write and finish personal brand, the workshop, because you know you've seen the bones, but they're just bones.

[00:04:37] Sue Bryce |  I can sell a workshop on bones because that's the description and the title. And what you're gonna learn, but now I wanna write that workshop. And I wanna write that workshop like every part of it, every bullet point, I would like to publish it as a book also so that you have a tangible product. I would also like a workbook. I want to prerecord the videos.

[00:04:56] Sue Bryce |  I want to create coaching for it, and I want this to be like this powerful, powerful workshop. And it occurred to me, I am chomping at the bit to write this workshop, like workshops is my thing. I love all the products, you know, podcasting's cool. I mean, but I don't wake up in the morning. I want a podcast.

[00:05:22] Sue Bryce |  I like being interviewed. That's fun, and I love, you know, hamming it up with someone and answering cool questions, and, you know, but it doesn't like like me up. And I wanted to turn on all those taps, so like making digital products, that's cool. I like, you know, writing workshops and content that goes in videos, I don't love filming videos, I mean, that's just like get my hair and makeup done and speak it all out, but the creation of them, yes, That's the part that I really love. If anything, this needs to be you now have access to create 8 products, You already create 1 or 2 in those 8 products.

[00:06:01] Sue Bryce |  What more products can I make to make my career better, my life better, make money while I sleep, bring income into my business, and really light me up creatively because that's the part I think that's most important? When I asked for questions for this week, the questions were, is the group going away? Is the workshop going away? I still need more time, and it's like nothing is being taken away. This is now where you have to keep doing the work.

[00:06:30] Sue Bryce |  Now as future coaches work workshop retreat and coaches, and basically anybody that's curating content or coaching people I just want you to understand one thing with how people connect online versus if you were coming to an in person workshop. At the end of an in person workshop, this is the end. We're hugging goodbye, and that's it. You know it's about to leave when it comes to a coaching track. Or an online workshop, we're coming to the end of our series, and now it's time to hug and say goodbye.

[00:07:05] Sue Bryce |  What makes work online or in person quantifiable, because I teach in bullet points, So you know when you're with, like, if you've ever been coached as a group, some people instantly start a achieving, right, and others are watching, and they're like, how did they get there so fast? And, oh my gosh, they're they're making fast gains around money, around selling, around content around pricing themselves, you know, and we all move at different paces, and it's like, it just is what it is. You'll notice some people starting to step forward and step forward, and it's like, you know, this whole group just suddenly is like looking, but sued teachers and bullet points. So when you get stuck, I can see which way you get stuck. And when you squawk, I hear what you're squawking, and I know it's never about what you're squawking about, like the economy or my area, I was like, no, it's still you, but that's okay.

[00:08:04] Sue Bryce |  But like, that's the cool thing. And then I can see where you get stuck and I can see how to create more content to move you to the next level and the next level. But what's quantifiable steps? And what's quantifiable when you're online? So maybe it's quantifiable, or it's accountable.

[00:08:22] Sue Bryce |  When you show up for coaching every week, that's accountability, and some people get an accountability partner. Here's why I don't believe in accountability partners. I don't have a personal trainer at the gym. Because I don't like going to the gym and paying somebody to make me do something I don't like doing, is not joyful. And I was paying my trainer, and she was amazing.

[00:08:53] Sue Bryce |  We had so much fun, but I thought now it's time to break up with her, like, you know, so I go into the gym this one day and she's standing, and she's like, oh, and I was like, what's wrong? And she goes, see that woman over there? In the blue? And I was like, yep. She goes, she used to be my client.

[00:09:13] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, oh, what happened? And she goes, Well, she told me I got married, and I don't need a trainer anymore, so I'm gonna have a break. 2 weeks later, she's got a new trainer, and she's right here with a new trainer. And I said, car. Interesting.

[00:09:31] Sue Bryce |  Because I was about to say the same thing. Now I can't. And I'm like, oh, this is a good boundary sitting exercise. So I look at her, and I was like, maybe you should ask her. And she goes, what?

[00:09:47] Sue Bryce |  And I said, why she got a new trainer? And was there a reason she didn't want you anymore? Maybe you should ask her, and then you'll know. And she goes, oh, I'm not gonna do that. So I'm like, okay.

[00:10:01] Sue Bryce |  So I finished my workout. Don't tell her we're breaking up, and I leave. And when I come back the next day, I was like, did you call her? Like, did you email her and say, hey, did I do something wrong, or can you give me feedback that would help me understand why you didn't want me to be your trainer anymore because it's good to get that feedback and find out what you did wrong. That's what you gotta do with your beta test.

[00:10:20] Sue Bryce |  And she was like, no, I didn't do that at all. I just gave her a dirty look. So I thought, okay, now I have to break with her. And so I'm like, okay. Well, I have to break up with you now.

[00:10:30] Sue Bryce |  And that's what I said, break up with you. And she was like, And I said, and I'm gonna tell you why. You talk too much. No. That's what I wanted to say.

[00:10:48] Sue Bryce |  I said, because I have a feeling I only come here because of you. And if I take away you, this part of you, I wanna see how many times come to this gym in the next month because I don't believe in paying somebody to motivate me, to do something I don't enjoy. And I love moving my body. So, I don't prioritize it, but I do enjoy it, so I'd rather dance for an hour, then come to the gym. But let's just see because if it is you, I'll come to the gym.

[00:11:24] Sue Bryce |  Didn't go back once. Because they didn't want to be there, and paying somebody to make me do something, that's not accountability, that's accountability, but that's not quantifiable. There's nothing quantifiable about those steps. I can't measure my progress because it's not joyful. I don't want to do it.

[00:11:43] Sue Bryce |  And therefore I do not. So the only thing you need to ask with your coaching, teaching is what are the quantifiable steps leaving this class? And so the quantifiable steps leaving this class is I want you to turn on as many of your product taps as you can. And every single time you turn a tap on, a new tap on, I want you to celebrate that, I want you to have a visual board of 8 products on the wall, and you know you can, like make money in all eight areas, and I want you to really consider what would be the next area that I would choose to bring more income into my business, but the first one that you choose will be your heart's calling. In yoga this morning, I do this thing where at the end I'm giving gratitude to myself for showing up for my body, and my balance and taking the time.

[00:12:41] Sue Bryce |  And I thought about, like, when you're connected in your energy center and I just heard myself say I honor my faith, because that's what this is. It's connected to your whatever your faith is. It it connects you to your god energy. I honor my vision, I honor my voice, my big, strong, true truth. I honor my heart's calling.

[00:13:06] Sue Bryce |  I honor my self power, that's your solar plexus, I honor my feelings, which is your tongue, I honor who I am. I honor my money and my survival. That's I am. And when I thought about that, I was like, every single day, that's now what I say to myself, And if I value who I am, I make content, with that vision, that connection, that vision, and that voice and that heart and that self power and those feelings and that grounding. That's how I create because I want to be in balance in myself and in my value of what I create.

[00:13:54] Sue Bryce |  So understand that when people are with you, they might feel accountability. And when they're not with you, they're looking for quantifiable step forward that will quantify that they have grown. So really ask this one question with your content, what are the quantifiable steps right now. I want you to acknowledge all eight products and see which ones you could possibly connect more to. Don't get stuck in our butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, head, butt here.

[00:14:25] Sue Bryce |  It's opportunity. It's just choice you won't see something yet because it's not being shown to you because you need to learn something else. Wait and it will open. But if you continually look at those 8 products and say creatively, what could I create in this space and just let it grow? You'll be so amazed at what connects and things that you didn't even believe it.

[00:14:48] Sue Bryce |  I want you to start now. I want you to master that 3 by 3, the 3 by threes not for anybody else in the room. The 3 by threes is your truth serum. If I was to tell the twelve people sitting in front of me right now that they're gonna stand up and do their 3 by 3 in front of all of you, everybody would stand up and go, and sound like they're reading it because that's what we do. The 3 by 3 was your truth.

[00:15:20] Sue Bryce |  It's when you come up with that description of yourself and what you do so succinctly so smoothly that it rolls off your tongue because you know who you are. Not what you do, You know who you are. The 3 by 3 was for you. When you can speak it with confidence and truth, you know you're on the right path. I want you to start now to develop this product and this content that you have.

[00:15:52] Sue Bryce |  Knowing full well that it's going to bring value to every single person that connects with it. So what are the quantifiable steps not just the bullet points, what are the quantifiable steps for your people so that you can tell them? And part of your selling right, is being able to describe what you've created so clearly that you can just have that clarity and that energy And, you know, that's something that you can use as quantifiable steps because this workshop or this product or this coaching series is going to help you get to this step, and then the next step, and the next step, you can even use quantifiable steps in your marketing. I always look at it like this. I'm a great motivator.

[00:16:42] Sue Bryce |  A lot of people say two things to me. It's like you were speaking to me personally, And the other one was you made me believe I can do anything. You've made me believe this is possible. Now those are two things I've heard on repeat for 14 years, you made me think this was possible. So what do you believe when I'm not in front of you?

[00:17:05] Sue Bryce |  When you're not watching my video, and then you're like, what do I do now? When you're not, what is quantifiable to you now? Is to go and make those steps actionable and then come back. I'm not gonna take away that group that we created, right now, it's a it's a good group. It doesn't have the same level of engagement as Facebook does.

[00:17:30] Sue Bryce |  So I just wanna make it really clear last week when I talked about Facebook, and I noticed, Doreen, I left a question in schools about, you know, will this carry on? Somebody else asked the question, will this group stay open? That group's gonna stay open based until I don't wanna be in it anymore. And I can only give so much of myself to a group. I'll try and go always twice a week and answer questions when I'm tagged, but I'm not going to, and this is setting an expectation be in that group for the next 8 months, 247.

[00:18:08] Sue Bryce |  So use it like more of a message board as opposed to Subrise did not respond to my wishes today. And I'm like, because I don't sign up for groups anymore. I'm a hard out on Facebook groups. I know it works, and I know that it connects, and I know A certain audience is on Facebook, and they don't have to get out of Facebook, and it just makes, and this group would have been so much more active had it been on Facebook. But that's not how I connect.

[00:18:41] Sue Bryce |  That's not how I wanna teach. That's not how I wanna live my life. So that group if you set expectations for your people, they will know. Dorena asked, do I need to create a group on Facebook I'm in 10 groups. If you're in 10 groups, you want to be a voice in all of those groups.

[00:19:00] Sue Bryce |  But you can't be a sales voice because the people who own the group will stop you from selling in the group. So to me, it was no different than networking. I could go into multiple groups, comment, help people answer questions for people, and just be a general personality in the group. I would post my work, people would love my work, but when people like your comment, and they like your photographs in a group, What do they do next? They look for you outside of the group.

[00:19:35] Sue Bryce |  And if they don't, you're not being someone in the group that they wanna look for. Do you understand? You don't need to sell in someone else's group. Be awesome and just give answers in that group. And inevitably, people will be like, she answered my networking question.

[00:19:58] Sue Bryce |  She answers my question every time, she like, Angie, oh, I'm gonna be friends with Angie Witten, so I'm gonna friend request her, which means I'm gone to her page. So you don't have to worry about how will I get noticed. Give information and you get noticed because people are asking for answers, and the answer to how do I do this one thing is not I sell a workshop on that. You give the answer. And then they go, you're incredible.

[00:20:34] Sue Bryce |  You go, cool. Yeah. Thanks. And then you still don't see a teacher workshop on it because you don't have to. Like, we all think that somehow we just gotta sell it to everybody, sell it to everybody, sell it to everybody, give to everybody until they follow you.

[00:20:50] Sue Bryce |  Give it away. Give the information. Not all of it. Just give. Give attention.

[00:20:56] Sue Bryce |  Give information. Give creative ideas. Give connection, give content. That's really important. Okay.

[00:21:07] Sue Bryce |  Best different platforms, best use for creators and entrepreneurs to create market. The thing is is there isn't a best platform. The best platform we have right now is Facebook, instagram, TikTok, and Like, threads is not something that's jumped up to me. I don't go there at all. It's really not my thing.

[00:21:29] Sue Bryce |  Twitter. So We have Instagram and Facebook and TikTok right now. We have YouTube, we have our own social medias, and, our own sort of website, sorry, and we have YouTube and that's it. There is no, like, great resources for marketing, creating. It's about creating an online, presence and energy for your brand.

[00:21:52] Sue Bryce |  No. We had no Facebook group because I didn't wanna have a Facebook group. So we put it on school, which is school with a s k, double o, l, And I noticed Jen Swening just put the link in there. Thank you, Jen. For small businesses, should we follow those who follow us?

[00:22:11] Sue Bryce |  Melanie, I don't know if that works. I follow about 900 people, but I don't follow people back. However, if your account on Instagram is smaller and you are seeing when you get fresh follows and you click on their post, What would it hurt to follow them back? If it was somebody you wanted to network with, I would. If it was just a random, maybe not, But I don't see it as a this is a rule.

[00:22:38] Sue Bryce |  People know this, unless I don't know something. No? I don't think it's a rule. I mean, you know, I'm old school, so I'm long in the tooth. I tend to think of things as like, do we even care about that?

[00:22:50] Sue Bryce |  But I'm also always listening just in case, so it's important to me How do I set measurable goals and benchmarks? What for selling? A measurable goal in a benchmark for me is we've always done this one thing when we sell any content. It's the first ten first ten purchases. Right?

[00:23:12] Sue Bryce |  First ten, first 100, first 1000, first 10,000, first 100,000, and that's both dollars and units. You know, you can make a goal for money. I don't make goals for money. I make goals for units. Okay.

[00:23:27] Sue Bryce |  It's easier. Easier to manifest goals to sell units than it is to make money. So I would go and get a bottle of champagne. If you don't drink alcohol, I would go and get some sparkling grape juice, whatever. And get a silver Sharpie and write each one of your goals on a bottle of champagne, and every time you hit one of them.

[00:23:48] Sue Bryce |  Make it real. Why not? The only measure that you really need to come to for you is your value metric. And don't put any pressure on yourself to sell. You'll know if something will sell after you beta test it.

[00:24:07] Sue Bryce |  Because you beta tested it, then you know it's gonna sell. It's okay. Missing me. I'm so tired of social media groups. So am I and managing people.

[00:24:24] Sue Bryce |  It's hard. Who do you use to create merchandise, Erica? I have an amazing contact and Jen might be able to get it actually. His name is Brian Campbell. Yeah.

[00:24:39] Sue Bryce |  Photo flash drives. Photoflashdrives.com. Photoflashdrive.com. Yeah. Okay.

[00:24:48] Sue Bryce |  He does all the merch for TPM, TPS for my company. He does printed t shirts, hats, you name it. He's incredible for merchandise. That's who I recommend. He's also just an incredible dude to work with.

[00:25:04] Sue Bryce |  Thank you, Jen. The cool thing about Brian is when you reach out to him and say, I would like to create some merchandise. He'll be like, cool, get your designs done. Get your designs done. And then send the designs to Brian and say, I was thinking, like, he does these little gear bags, he does makeup bags, he does Oh my gosh, those really cool things at TPS last year was our TBM last year was, they're like phone charges and they opened up and they do an IWatch phone charger and your ear pods all in one thing and you customize it with your logo, yeah, he's good.

[00:25:41] Sue Bryce |  That's who I use. The good thing about him is the product will be in my store, so it will say the hat, and you will be buying it from my store. But what you don't realize is, once it checks out that order goes straight to Brian, that I don't see it, goes straight to Brian, he fulfills the order and ships it out for a percentage I don't see it, right, and you guys get the content and nobody ever gets online and says I did not receive my t shirts. So everyone must be getting their t shirt. If you want to do it yourself where you get the merch made and ship it yourself, it'll save you about 20% in profit.

[00:26:19] Sue Bryce |  But it will cost you about 20% in going to send it out. So, you know, it's one of those things, but it's a really good contact. What is the platform of your store? That's a really good question. My new website is on WordPress.

[00:26:38] Sue Bryce |  And that's another question that Jen can literally answer for you because she's setting it up right now. And Jen's gonna be like, cool, you just threw me under the bus in front of five hundred people that I don't wanna do websites for. Sorry about that. She's doing mine, and I made her do it. So yes, WordPress.

[00:26:57] Sue Bryce |  There you go. We got a question down here.

[00:26:59] Audience Member |  Speaking of platforms, if you're doing, like, an online course or something, I know that there's, like, hijab be unteachable. Is there a way to find one that fits the audience and the, like, the amount of people that's gonna host it properly so that everything is in one space. You're not hosting on YouTube and people can get through the paywall.

[00:27:18] Sue Bryce |  So one of the cool things about custom building aside is that you pressure test it. And pressure testing a site means what happens if they got 5000 people come onto my site in one day? It crashes, it bounces straight back up again, but they pressure test it all the time. Now when we first started doing this, we had to custom build everything, but it doesn't work like that anymore. Now we're not custom of testing anything.

[00:27:43] Sue Bryce |  My problem in concern with Kajabi and all of those is you're paying somebody else to have a platform. So what are they giving you? What are you paying and what are they giving you? Secondly, when I looked at them for when I built our value, I was like, maybe I'll just go to a platform. I chose one that already has an app and everything, and they're like, cool, we take 3%.

[00:28:05] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, okay, this is call, like 3%, and then I started doing the math, then I read the fine print, and it said, if you sell a 1000 of these shops will take 3% of the total sales of this workshop. We also take 3% of all of your in person events. And I was like, where? Well, you can have the products I'm selling online, but you don't get a percentage of my workshops. That are a higher price point.

[00:28:36] Sue Bryce |  No. So I looked at a few and I looked at the fine print and I was like cool, but what are you really getting? And a lot of them say we'll help you market the class and we'll help you develop the content, and I'm like, oh, yeah. Okay. Cool.

[00:28:53] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. Who's teaching you that? People that have done it? So I don't know. To me, I was like, just check what's the fine print and what's the catch because I've put 34 videos on Wix, I have 400 members just in this private self value group just with that content.

[00:29:14] Sue Bryce |  We don't need to worry about pressure testing anything If I got up to 5000, it would only be on the day of the live.

[00:29:22] Audience Member |  And that's what I found is when I started looking into what they were gonna offer and what they were gonna take, I didn't find that the juice was worth the squeak.

[00:29:28] Sue Bryce |  So I

[00:29:29] Audience Member |  was wondering if there's, like, a place that does kinda do it, but you think Wix is maybe

[00:29:33] Sue Bryce |  That's what I did.

[00:29:34] Audience Member |  Okay.

[00:29:35] Sue Bryce |  I mean, what are we really talking here? The video function can be plugged into Vimeo onto your website. We're talking a blog, an app, interfacing user friendly and easy to set up. There's also, a business called Upwork, I'm gonna say. And like I said to Dan, one day, I was like, how hard would it be to get a directory of web designers because so many people need web designers, but I'm just talking Wix or WordPress.

[00:30:02] Sue Bryce |  So I did a Google search and I found Upwork, and you can go, I need a Wix specialist on Upwork, and it will show you, like, 20 of them, and they range in price from $25 an hour to $85 an hour And I was just like, what? And I said, that's an incredible resource, you know, to help you build out because I'm not building websites, not my wheelhouse. I'm interested in drop shipping my art portraits through my website, but I'm struggling to find a company willing to facilitate this. Drop shipping art would be White House custom colour. I believe White House custom colour do an art something.

[00:30:42] Sue Bryce |  I remember doing a tour of their studio, and they're like, and I was like, oh, there's an entire warehouse, the size of a football field, of framed artwork. And I was like, what's this? And they're like, this artwork is just ordered online and dropship straight from us. So they may do a system where they'll drop it ship it straight to your people. Usually with fine art prints, you're not moving volume.

[00:31:05] Sue Bryce |  So I would consider getting them hand, you know, choosing whether you want them hand framed and shipping them framed or shipping them unframed but yeah, consider doing that yourself, you'll save a lot of money at first. I also know that Camry has all her course on Squarespace now, that's awesome not sure if that's a beefier subscription. Squarespace, no idea. Heartbeat is my current recommendation for community okay, for community and course hosting heartbeat. This is from Jen Switin.

[00:31:38] Sue Bryce |  Wix can be finicky and expensive depending on what you need heartbeat is my current recommendation for community and course hosting. Oh, good. Because Jen's released a class, so she's obviously done around heartbeat, so check that out. Also, you know, if anybody does have resources like that, you know, that's when coming to the group and just putting that in super helpful for people because, you know, people are asking these questions and printify, not who to printify, so there's another one, Ask me questions, guys, because you only had me for another hour, and I don't mind staying late today. Can somebody bring me some water?

[00:32:17] Sue Bryce |  Sorry. I didn't get my water up here. Alright, team, questions, questions, any in the room? Oh, I use learn words for my courses at the moment, but the cost ratio is too high. Okay.

[00:32:35] Sue Bryce |  Cost ratio. Oh, this is making me kind of like, I didn't realize so many people were choosing to have, choosing to have, like, you just have to take the label off. I can't have any logos or anything up here or somebody who want accounting. Logos. Alright.

[00:32:57] Sue Bryce |  Sorry. Let me catch up with the chat. I've heard about, u screen does anybody use Shopify to say, oh, wow. Alright. Yeah.

[00:33:08] Sue Bryce |  You Shopify. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. This is gonna be fun.

[00:33:15] Audience Member |  Printify is a print on demand as well.

[00:33:18] Sue Bryce |  Oh, okay. Printify might be for you, Jeanette. For fine art prints on demand. Alright. The posing cards, where did I get my posing cards printed?

[00:33:31] Sue Bryce |  That was a bit of a nightmare, actually, because I just went to a printing company For self value, times have changed from 14 years ago. I went to a printing company 14 years ago with my designs. And they just butchered them multiple times, and I went to 3 or 4 printing places. Nowadays, I I my last one, because it was for a workshop, and I had limited time to create it. I had fifty people at the workshop, and so what I did was I went on VISTA print, it was Vista, one of those, like either Vistral move, and I ordered, 100 postcards of 20 different designs, And I got 20 packs, and then I opened them all and went, put them in a box.

[00:34:18] Sue Bryce |  Handed them over and everyone was because we love to touch and feel. That's how I did it. Now I would actually go to a proper printer. And if you want to talk to Brian from photo face drive, he can probably either recommend it or get it, like, down in a way that it's dropship from him. Microphone suggestions.

[00:34:35] Sue Bryce |  They're on the gear list that you got last week, I use sure, s h u r e, it's my favourite mic, road, make all of the best mics, you're really looking for a podcast mic. Podcast mic has something a little bit different than other mics, and usually mechanically sound so it can move and be adjusted without making any sound. They have like little hydraulic, you know, hinges and things that move around. The one that I use is a really great mic, and I feed it straight into my laptop to film on quick time on my computer. So that is a good a really good mic, but honestly any of the good podcasts, you should be paying for a really good mic around between 2:50 or $2300 for a good mic.

[00:35:27] Sue Bryce |  Otherwise you can get cheaper mics. Also on video 6, I use that fancy little lav mic that goes in my phone, I don't use that just so we're clear. I watched that, and I was like, oh, I made it sound like I use that all the time. Callum gave me that little pack and said, look at this amazing little phone, Mike, and I'm like, cool, learning curve too difficult, give me the $20 one. And the other day, yesterday, we were shooting Reels, Kali Melissa and I, and I said to the girls, just talk straight into your phone.

[00:35:55] Sue Bryce |  It's so close to you, you know, and we did a little bit of a test. And sure enough, if the mic is right there in front of you, it's the best sound. Yeah. So just a cheap mic, honestly. How do you determine your catchphrase for merchandise?

[00:36:10] Sue Bryce |  Oh, okay. So merchandise usually is business branding, right? So it's usually your logo or whatever your font, yawn, and I used to look at our merch and just walk past it and everyone would be wearing their TPM T shirt and I'd be like, I'm never gonna wear a T shirt that says, the portrait masters that is so lame, but I'm weird with things like that, you know, like, I'm like, I'm, no, I feel like a promo girl, like I should No. So when they asked me, well, what t shirt would you wear? I was like, poser.

[00:36:48] Sue Bryce |  And then, My husband hated it. And at the last conference, I went up to Brian and he there were people lined up, and I could just see everyone walking past with poser hats, pose of bags, pose of merch, and I think so, like, you know, 5050 on the pose of merch versus the portrait masters, how are they going? And he's like, like, 90% post analytic. Thanks. Thanks.

[00:37:11] Sue Bryce |  That's great. That's all I needed today. So what that told me was, Mooch is awesome. When we can touch a product and take it home, how cool is that? So how do you make call merch?

[00:37:23] Sue Bryce |  Well, what about you as call? What about you as kitch? What about you is something? Okay. I I did think of putting cult leader on mine because people always say, like, and it's super nice.

[00:37:38] Sue Bryce |  It's a cult. And I'm always like, Yeah. It is. So I was like, I could put the colt on there or poser, and they're like, no, we'll go with poser. Thanks.

[00:37:46] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, really? You don't wanna drink my call life? I was like, I'd like to have like Sue's collate. I was like, but just be funny, be tongue and cheek, be, you know, be sarcastic, be backhanded, be cute, be Barbie, be whatever, like I think right now the merch is really cool. Just consider one thing if you were coming to a workshop and you had merch on a table and what would make you want to pick up that merch and leave with it.

[00:38:20] Sue Bryce |  Sometimes the best merch that I've seen are printed lip gloss. And could you get anything smarter than that? It's going to be in your purse for 6 weeks. Every time they pull it out, it's got your name on it. I was like, we think of simple things like that, a water bottle with your name on it is merchandise.

[00:38:39] Sue Bryce |  A hat is always going to be a winner you know, more so than hoodies or anything like that, but then once you find your words and then you make merch that is really cool, remember merch is only good when people are coming to a physical event. Merch is not good online, Well, it is if you are getting it drop shipped by Brian because then you're making money while you sleep, but the truth is is if you're having to send it yourself. Then it's going to be a little bit cumbersome and a bit of a pain. Would it be a good idea in addition to snippets of our speaking webinars to document or process creating a course or setting up technical stuff on YouTube to build an audience kind of like behind the scenes? Yes.

[00:39:22] Sue Bryce |  And sometimes that works. But remember, don't share your vision, share the product. So after you've created the product, and people say, how did you do that? You say, well, I actually filmed myself going through that process. That's a secondary product.

[00:39:41] Sue Bryce |  But if you launch that as your first product, you look like somebody doing something that that shouldn't be teaching it yet because you haven't done it yet, you're doing it. So do it first and then share the backstory of it. So film everything. Film everything. Just keep everything.

[00:40:03] Sue Bryce |  Leave this session, film yourself, talking about this next product I want you just to put your camera there in good light and just say, I've just finished content curator. It's a 6 week live coaching. I've decided to create a new product in my business that's gonna open a new revenue stream. Right now in the industry, these are probably the people I see myself as the competition too. My product will be priced at this.

[00:40:36] Sue Bryce |  This is how I feel about this content right now. Building this platform workshop coaching track, ebook, template made me realize that I'm here here and here, and just talk it out. I'm most afraid of I am most excited by and, like, talk it out. Watch it. All of it.

[00:41:02] Sue Bryce |  Listen to yourself, and keep it. Say what you're most afraid of. Cry if you wanna cry. Say if you feel like an imposter, say it. Nothing.

[00:41:16] Sue Bryce |  No amount of money will be able to bring that video back in 3 years. When you're standing on stage, and you've just made a $1,000,000, and you could play that video and say, this is who I was in that moment. This is where I was in that moment. This is what I believed in that moment. And looking back at that now, all it was was I chose to keep it.

[00:41:44] Sue Bryce |  Like, honestly, in hindsight, you become the second you start speaking out your story, you've elevated your story. The second you start telling people how you overcame parts of your story and how they can, too, you no longer are stuck in your story. Suddenly, everybody around you is like, wait, You've got momentum. You've taken the steps. You're quantifiable.

[00:42:14] Sue Bryce |  Your next steps. You know what to do. This is you're walking this path, all we want is to walk the path. So all we're doing is lighting the path for the next person. And if if you say you make me believe this is possible, hell, yes, this is possible.

[00:42:32] Sue Bryce |  I'm proof of that. I'm proof of life. Yes. This is possible. Anything is possible.

[00:42:38] Sue Bryce |  If your heart is willing and you are willing to focus on it, anything is possible. So film the struggle, but keep it. Don't share that. Don't share it until it's a success story, and then you put it up and you say this is what I felt. Yeah.

[00:42:55] Sue Bryce |  If you want to generate more interest and participation, you have to be more interesting and you have to give people more content in order for them to want from you and want to engage with you. Look, You can't start speaking or start teaching and not do one on 1 and not do beta test and work out if what you're saying and doing has value. You might not be speaking value. That's why you beta test so you can learn what is good, what is not good, What intrigued you? What didn't?

[00:43:34] Sue Bryce |  What interested you? What didn't? What engaged you? What didn't? You've got to ask people.

[00:43:40] Sue Bryce |  Did you feel like this would help? Do I help? How do I help? For the first time in my life, I'm slowing down and going step by step. Yes, Jeanette.

[00:43:50] Sue Bryce |  It's going great, and I'm getting invites, but not getting anyone to sign up for the workshops as I think the time is the issue. It's 3 full days and virtual. Do a beta test, Jeanette, so you have testimonials. If you don't have people with working testimonials, other people won't wanna do it. So it's very, very important.

[00:44:11] Sue Bryce |  3 days online, and they just they've got to qualify that price point. And until you can qualify the price point, why would you buy something that you can't see the results for? That's a really big one. So, you know, that's why we have testimonials. So it's like, what if I buy your $600 class?

[00:44:32] Sue Bryce |  And it doesn't give me what I want. We put a 30 day money back guarantee on curator. We put a 30 day money back guarantee That means you can get 30 days into this workshop and still decide it's not for you. Yeah. So so you've got to make it, you've got to make it so obvious that it can move the needle, and then it will start moving the needle.

[00:45:01] Sue Bryce |  You could also take people who are interested but unsure, and give them the free hour where you sit down and, or you can say, let me interview you and see if this workshop's right for you. You could just jump on zoom and interview them for half an hour to qualify them, and you've made a big sale on your online workshop. Sorry, Anna. Your I scheduled a beta test for online workshop. I got 3 paid sign ups.

[00:45:26] Sue Bryce |  My goal is 6. The workshop is next Friday. I've learned so much preparing for it. The questions that are coming up, I had not even thought about, during the creation process call. That was a comment question that made me tear up a little bit thingy.

[00:45:38] Sue Bryce |  Thinking, yes, right? When you listen to my videos from all those years ago, I've created a course for ABT at For ABT, 75 minutes, and invited the people to attend next Saturday right now. I'm offering it for free to get their feedback. I will be selling Okay. So you can't just call for free viewers.

[00:46:00] Sue Bryce |  If you call for free people, you get people, you get these people. Licking your windows. And then I kick your tires a little bit like this. Because this shit is free. This shit is free.

[00:46:22] Sue Bryce |  What I need is people that I can move the needle. Can I change your business right now? Can I help you make a $100,000 more? Can I change your life right now? Yep.

[00:46:39] Sue Bryce |  I just need five people that wanna change their business right now, but you gotta change it and you gotta do an interview with me, and you gotta tell me how you wanna change it, and you gotta make me believe it, then you're the right people for me. If you don't have those people, you're getting these people. And they're gonna just lick your screen. Lick it, and they'll just keep licking it and lick it and lick it And that's all you'll get. Online licking.

[00:47:10] Sue Bryce |  Online window liqueurs. Oh, it's like when you go, oh, I'm gonna do a workshop in Scottsdale, and somebody writes Paris. You need to do a workshop in Paris, and then somebody else writes, Ohio. You need to do a workshop in Ohio. And it's like, cool.

[00:47:24] Sue Bryce |  But like there's eighteen people, and there's one of you. So come to Scottsdale, So at first, I'd

[00:47:31] Sue Bryce |  be like, oh my god, they want me to do a workshop in Paris. So I'd open

[00:47:34] Sue Bryce |  a workshop in Paris, and one person would buy it, and it wasn't the one person that asked for it. And I would always say one person on Facebook telling you to come to Paris does not equate to a booked sold ticket It's just noises in the air, so you most will make it tangible, and that's when you've got it like, yeah. The best way to book it out an in person work shop is to create a wait list. If you create a wait list for your next workshop, then you're marketing to people on the wait list. If there are ten people on your wait list, you might get one sale.

[00:48:08] Sue Bryce |  You're not going to get 10 because you're giving them a specific date, a specific time specific location and specific specific price. And if all of those things don't measure out then, or match up, then, you know, they're gonna say no So it's the weirdest thing. That's why if you're building that beta test and you're doing the coaching, now remember it was weak, 2 or 3, and I said I did these in linear order. Like, number 1, first, I created a physical product. Number 2, then I coach to one on 1.

[00:48:40] Sue Bryce |  Number 3, then I did the workshop. Number 4, then I did the online workshop. But the truth is, is when you think about that, the audience has got bigger every step you take, but the content is being practiced on one person in the beginning and then on ten people and then on 20 people repeatedly around the world with no cameras on you. So by the time I got to the bigger ones, the stage, and the video classes, and the master class, I was already up here, like giving it all out. You know, so don't think you can just book an in person workshop.

[00:49:14] Sue Bryce |  So What I'm about to do next Tuesday is something really cool. As a photographer, I have chosen 2 other photographers that move the needle in terms of, Jade Beaul is a photographer and she's a radical self love speaker. And Terry Hoffman is a photographer. And a body image speaker. And I am a photographer, and I am a self value educator.

[00:49:48] Sue Bryce |  So the 3 of us women photograph in a certain way when we merge those 2 worlds. And when you CJA's work, so incredible and so uniquely different than Terry, and then I got models coming to be photographed by us, and they're all in their fifties and 60s. So this is something I want to do regularly. This is something I see as an empowerment workshop. And I was always like, I wanna photograph women and show them them themselves as they do the work on loving themselves.

[00:50:35] Sue Bryce |  So I'm really now as a photographer. I'm not interested in photographers that are like, I'm so awesome. I I've seen it all. Most photographers never made as much money as I did because my business was set up to make money, and And that's what I teach. And so it was never about watching people make money.

[00:50:56] Sue Bryce |  And I love masterful photographers. Like, I could still watch our photoshoot all day, every day just sit in the room and watch Masters shoot. And I mastered my craft, but I never wanted to be one of the best photographers in the world. That was never my goal, and I that's not my path. My path was to be the best educator in the world.

[00:51:20] Sue Bryce |  So I was like, I walked that path and I loved walking it, but as my photo career is coming to of retirement, like 35 years, I'm like, well, do I still wanna keep shooting? And I just wanna make art. I want to make art with my camera. And so yeah, it still makes me a photographer. I still want to take my camera and show somebody their face.

[00:51:52] Sue Bryce |  I take a photo of a human being and their full energy that I'm holding that energy for them so that they can be truly themselves, and then I show that picture of their face back to them. Isn't that weird? And then we sell it to them, we go like, here, buy a picture of your face, your face. I just find that so intriguing I've been doing this for 35 years and I get to have these conversations about self value and confidence and, you know, now I get to see people who are working in spaces that, like, body image is directly tied to Terry, our value is tied to me, and radical self love is tied to Jade in a way uniquely that our personal part of us is coming into so strongly. This should be the future.

[00:52:47] Sue Bryce |  You should be able to go to an empowerment workshop. Be photographed and just learn about self value or radical self love or self acceptance or and whatever your thing is, like whether it's to, facilitate this, like this is the future that I'm talking about, We are creatives that teach and share and inspire and elevate people with our woods and our healing and our parts. And now we get to do that with our cameras and our business. And again, I talk a lot to photographers. I know there's a lot of non photographers in this class, I talk a lot to photographers because they are eightytwenty in this workshop right now, you've got a whole lot of photographers around you, and these photographers are extraordinary because they've been working with me for a few years.

[00:53:36] Sue Bryce |  So I know that they've built businesses and they've already broken through selling, and now they're just they're becoming more. So maybe ask yourself, even if you're just creating a template or whatever you're teaching, it's like you know, I said people sort of centered their content around self development, it's around money, it's around business, it's around confidence in some way, you know, that there's a part of you that's gonna come up in this workshop that is like I am a leader or I am an Inspirer or I am a comforter, or I am someone that can hold hands, some people just need a handhold, you know, they just need a coach, like somebody that just holds their hand, or just gently says, You got this. Maybe that's your thing. Maybe you've, you know, written a book or 2. Maybe you've, like, you know, whatever you've done, it's kind of coming from inside you as well.

[00:54:30] Sue Bryce |  It's not just this thing that you can do. It's also intrinsically tied to your path forward. And I just see this Yeah. So Tuesday next week, I'm gonna do this thing with these women and these photographers. And we're gonna film it because it's gonna be such an incredible thing to watch and be part of and I can't wait to share that with you.

[00:54:57] Sue Bryce |  Like, there are no parameters in what you can create. Like, truly none. If you can create a space or an experience for people that makes people want to have that experience. Now, this first one, you know, I've paid for this. So let's talk logistics.

[00:55:18] Sue Bryce |  I've paid for this class. Now the good thing about it is TPM, TPS, they're looking to license any content, right? I feel like this could be a class for TPM, because I'm gonna finish with a panel around aging a body image, and then I'm also gonna talk to the photographers in the room about creating more than just photo shoots for your clients for actual workshops at a higher price point with maybe 4 women that could come in. And while you're photographing the first one, the other 3 are your hype girls. And have you ever seen hype girling when it's done in a workshop atmosphere like that where one person is center stage, the photographer is holding the space, but you get some hype girls around the outside of that set and they are gushing and whoopin' and hollering' and crying, and I've never seen energy like that in a shirt.

[00:56:15] Sue Bryce |  You know, creatively, if you sit down, I know that people just want to tick boxes and be like, Mook, a workshop for 3 days. With 12 segments. And it's like, yes, but gotta think outside this square just a little wee bit. And what makes you special, unique, how do you want to share, how do you want to connect in this space, and how do you want to facilitate the holding of space for other people because I feel like the opportunities are truly endless. Glenn, I am so excited to create, you know, what I know I'm going to see created from the photography fizz that are going to be here because I also know it's so much more than anything physical.

[00:57:01] Sue Bryce |  It's going to be such a journey for the people to also experience different photographers and entirely different ways of confronting their own self love home. It's exciting stuff. Is there something you beta tested that was a want 1 and you completely scrap Yes. Oh, okay, completely scraped. No, because everything evolves.

[00:57:29] Sue Bryce |  Nothing gets scrapped because nothing is trash. It just isn't connected yet or not valuable enough yet. Did I launch things that didn't hit? Yes, Did I launch things that needed more developing? Yes.

[00:57:43] Sue Bryce |  Did I launch things that just straight out failed? I I don't see, I don't think I'd fail like a lot of people do, like, I don't sit there and go, oh, what if I fail? I say, what does failure mean? Okay? So I do this thing called, do you go out with this?

[00:58:01] Sue Bryce |  Murphy's Law? At Murphy's Law? You know, you grow up with Murphy's Law and it's just like mafia's Law. It's just, you know, at Murphy's Law's So to me, I'm always like, when people say I'm scared of failure, I go, oh, what so just be specific. What does that mean?

[00:58:18] Sue Bryce |  Because What is failure to you? And they'd go, like, not selling. And I go, oh, well, if something's not selling, it's not connected yet. So you haven't failed. You've failed to connect it, which means you've failed to connect it to you, or you've failed to connect it to your audience.

[00:58:35] Sue Bryce |  So you haven't failed, you just haven't connected it yet. Next one, what's failure to you if if I am what publicly ridiculed. Welcome to social media. You'll be there for 5 minutes. Somebody will publicly ridicule you, and the good good news about that is you can just swipe and block.

[00:58:56] Sue Bryce |  I'm scared of failure. What are you really scared of? I'm scared of putting myself out there because people will say mean things. Yep, they also say lots of beautiful things, yep, they love you, and they hate you, but they don't really know you, so carry on, I'm really scared of so when you say fail, what does fail mean? And I don't see content as ever being a failure.

[00:59:20] Sue Bryce |  I just see it as maybe I didn't describe it well enough, or I need to develop it more, or I've definitely spoken about subject in the room and I've had the room be like this, like arms folded, like not writing notes, and I'm like, oh, okay. I have gotten too preachy for sure many times I've watched videos and I'm like, oh, it's really on a really on a soapbox there, you know, just like, I call it soapbox Susie, and I was like, sometimes I get, and, you know, that really make cracks me out, but no, I don't think of failure, you know, I don't think of failure ever like one thing I look forward to is reading the PDF. They're great for preparing to listen to the lesson. I will apply that strategy on my workshop want to tell you a mistake I did with this workshop and I'm going to fix it. I didn't put a keynote through the videos.

[01:00:14] Sue Bryce |  I had a different idea, and then at the end, we didn't go with that idea. I was just gonna do, a different way of doing my subtitles over, and in the end I didn't do it, and when I bought up all of those hand drawn notes, I got probably 150 messages. And I realized it's because when you're just looking at my face for an hour a half, you want verbal reference, visual reference of words and that verbal reference is when you see that keynote, and even though you've got the homework in front of you, you're still taking notes. So I'm going to get them to re edit my keynote back into the videos so that you can watch them with the keynote because I feel like that makes a difference. And What else did I feel like I wanted to do with this class?

[01:01:03] Sue Bryce |  And what I would do moving forward now and what I will do for the next round is I'm gonna separate find a way to separate all the workshop people from the coaching people, from the products, because they each have their own flow of of content, and it'd be good to separate that a little bit more and being able to do that. But I acknowledge one thing. When I tell you my 3 by 3, I'm a photographer and educator. I create online and in person workshops, all around the world, and that's really just the most simple 3 by 3 for me because it's what lights me up the absolute most, the truth is is content curator doesn't come up on my, 3 by 3. And at first, I wrote that.

[01:01:49] Sue Bryce |  I was like, I'm a content curator and I was like, you know what? I wanna teach people how to create this powerful business around them with those 8 big verticals on a personal brand, and products is one of those big verticals. And in that product, I can put a whole lot of content curation. So do I want to keep teaching content curators, or do I want to teach personal brand? And I can keep coaching this workshop because it's here and every time I coach it, now there's 12 videos.

[01:02:17] Sue Bryce |  Because I've done 6 coaching videos. Now anybody that comes in gets 12 straightaway videos, but no personal access to me until I do another round. Yeah. So really good. Also, the schools group, I decided we decided I texted the boys this morning and said, do you want to keep the group open?

[01:02:35] Sue Bryce |  And they're all like, yes, so it's all good. Like, it's not gonna go away. You can still get to work for it and talk in that group. And when we do another round of coaching, I always wanna make sure that when I'm doing multiple rounds of one workshop, that the people that did the 1st round, get access, right? Because to me you bought this workshop, I want to and this is where I got big numbers back in the day.

[01:03:01] Sue Bryce |  I did my creative live, and then I understood that when I walked away from creative live, now it was just a digital product online, but I did something a lot of creative live instructors didn't do. We created a group around specifically me, and what a lot do, but what they don't do is keep marketing that class. And in the following 3 years, I traveled all around the world 13, 14, 15. I spoke at major conferences all around the world. I was a headliner on the main stage, and the whole time I was headlining on that main stage, I was gathering people for that group.

[01:03:41] Sue Bryce |  Now if I didn't have a group, I would have been like, if you want to be on my list today, get on my I would have just done built a list by by speaking everywhere, every conference. I just keep putting myself out there. I'd go to them, meet everybody. I'd apply the next year. I did that as many conferences as I could, and that was a really, really big one for me because I was just capturing people and putting them in this private group.

[01:04:08] Sue Bryce |  You're now capturing them and putting them on your list. And if you want people to join your list, give them a gift on the last slide of your talk, a free video to watch, give me your email, and I will send you this keynote it's upstairs and I didn't bring it down. I'm sorry about that. Carly just gave me a zine the other day, and it was a she'd gone to this really cooler crystal place and they had these zines on the counter. Do you know what the zen is?

[01:04:37] Sue Bryce |  It's So it's short for, fanzine, so it's spelled dead, I n e. Some people call it a design but it's a zine, because we don't say magazine, and it's a magazine, and it comes from a fanzine, which is fan, Zen, and it's like invented in like 1930 or 40, like early early century. And what it is is it's usually photocopied. Now they're printed, they're not photocopied, stapled as a center page, folded and sold as an in person book. They're usually a short print run between 401,000.

[01:05:16] Sue Bryce |  Obviously, this was designed around, Comics? Right? So fanzines or Zines, as we call them, $7 to $12 price point. And it's funny because, Kali actually got the zine for me, and she gave it to me, and she was like, I don't know why you need needed to buy this, but I needed to buy this. And I got it, and I was like, oh, it's a zine.

[01:05:42] Sue Bryce |  I was like, how cool? I didn't talk about zines. Oh, why didn't I talk about zines? But as soon as I saw it, I thought one thing. Thank you.

[01:05:55] Sue Bryce |  This is a little healing scene. Okay. It's just stop paper, center, It's got maybe, I think, 50 pages. Okay. This one is actually, you can have a look at it.

[01:06:12] Sue Bryce |  This one is actually being published. It's a published theme, which means they're not getting the full $7 that they sold 4. If somebody else is publishing it, then they're probably taking 2 or 3, and then the person selling it's taking 2 or 3. So you're getting $3. But and they're often hand created, right?

[01:06:30] Sue Bryce |  So, you know, how I do my notes and I like my notes. So I realized if I went to a talk, to a conference, and I had a thousand people sitting in front of me, And I created a zine of my talk, my whole keynote that you that I just gave you is in a zine, And then I say, if you want this keynote, you can take the Zien home for $10 today, or You can give me your email and get a download of it up here. Now, either way, I've captured an email or made a sale. And honestly, if a hundred people spend 10 bucks from my talk, I just paid for my talk. Right?

[01:07:19] Sue Bryce |  I just made a $1000 from Mazine. Cool, mate. The idea of a zine was back in 1930s, forties when, you know, we they weren't photocopying either. They're just doing short print runs. That's what they're doing.

[01:07:36] Sue Bryce |  The idea with the Zines in the early days where they were handwritten. You were selling a handwritten Zine, Now if you think of yourself as an instructor as a coach anywhere that you go physically and you've got this $10 product that is just straight out of the back pocket, like That is awesome, then that's what Azine is. How do you find conferences Obviously, in all industries have conferences, you really just have to do a bit of Google research on all of your conferences, and, see the ones that you wanna go to join. And like anything, it helps if you actually go to them first and experience them first, but you can also just reach out and start promoting, you know, which talks you have speaker rails and everything on your speaker list. I'm speaking at GED Program graduation.

[01:08:31] Sue Bryce |  5 minutes main points are stepping into their power Oh, here's the thing. Don't use somebody else's quote. Use yours. That would be the best thing. 5 minutes I don't want to I don't want to look at your notes afterwards and have the only thing you've written down a Maya Angelo quote.

[01:08:53] Sue Bryce |  I love my Angelo, but I want you to write something I've said.

[01:08:57] Sue Bryce |  You know, and when we use other people's quote, I've seen it at conferences. I've walked past and seen the only note one person wrote when they were watching some very good on stage that should have been way better. I looked at the people, and they weren't writing notes. And I was like, if you're not writing notes, why? That's big, man.

[01:09:24] Audience Member |  Are we also beta testing our price or, from our profit margin or, like, how do you know when you're priced too low or too high?

[01:09:35] Sue Bryce |  You know.

[01:09:36] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Just know. You know.

[01:09:39] Sue Bryce |  Too high makes you feel uncomfortable. Too low makes you feel better about it, but there's no margin in there for you. You know. You don't really beta test your price? Okay.

[01:09:54] Sue Bryce |  Let's say the two of us are standing side by side, and we're both photographers. She's $4000 for a shoot, and I'm $8000 for a shoot. Right? And you start talking to both of us. At the end of the day, I don't care that she charges $4000.

[01:10:12] Sue Bryce |  All I'm gonna tell you is what you're gonna get freight. You know, nobody ever stares, you know, when you've got, like, a new makeup artist, when you you're negotiating working with somebody, and then there's the whole, what do you charge? And then people go and they press themselves out of the quote, it's like, look, here's the thing a lot of people will do. A lot of people will do a coaching track and put $23,000 on it. A $23,000 coaching track feels like one on one to me.

[01:10:51] Sue Bryce |  So if I'm in a group full of people, it doesn't feel like value. You know. Yeah. The real question is is what happens when I press it? It makes me feel uncomfortable.

[01:11:06] Sue Bryce |  Break it down then. If you're in business, you know what your cost of goods sold, and you know the cost of doing business. So when I really break it down, if I can't see a profit margin in there, it's ridiculous. It doesn't make sense. Like, that's not commerce if it doesn't pencil out.

[01:11:25] Sue Bryce |  So if it doesn't pencil out for me or I hoped my numbers were higher, Get telling, get more numbers. Yeah. But, you know, what you price yourself, it's your value metric. It's truly your value metric. Oh, Pinterest is back.

[01:11:46] Sue Bryce |  I don't use it. There is a 47% spike in engagement in Pinterest right now, and people are getting big hits on Pinterest. You know, I got a Pinterest account like 15 years ago, logged in, never ever looked at. I was just like, hard, no, overwhelming. But, yeah, Pinterest is getting big gains right now selling business.

[01:12:10] Sue Bryce |  People are bouncing their Instagram reels over to Pinterest. And getting huge growth in their accounts. And I was just like, yes, the Pinterest army is back. And we love those. They're all buyers Can you describe what would run a beta test for a workshop?

[01:12:27] Sue Bryce |  I imagine you charge for the workshop. So if I was gonna run a beta test for a workshop, I would do the exact workshop with 2 people. Shoot it, whatever they're gonna do, the shooting, the business, I would do the In person beta test, like a like there were twenty people there, but I do it with 1 or 2 people. So effectively, it's a one on 1 until it becomes a workshop. But if you got BTS of you coaching a 1 on 1, plus a testimony of somebody whose needle you actually move, Booking a workshop is gonna be considerably easier.

[01:12:59] Sue Bryce |  And you're gonna start with 4, and then 6, and then 8, and then 12, and then 20. Any more than that is hard work. So yeah. It's that one for me is really important. Yes.

[01:13:15] Sue Bryce |  Everyone is sick of matter. You know, everyone is sick of matter. However, for the last 15 years, we know where you sleep Shop, eat, search, follow. Meta knows who you obsess over. Nobody else does.

[01:13:34] Sue Bryce |  Mehta knows about your private messages and your DMs. Nobody else does. They know where you buy, how much you buy from. They know your pattern of buying. And in fact, when you actually consider the data they've harvested off you, it's extraordinary.

[01:13:53] Sue Bryce |  Extraordinary. And you need to understand that the whole point of that is not to go That's disgusting. The whole point of it is, how can I use that to make more money? And how you use that to make more money is you literally pay to get access to that data for your clients. Yeah.

[01:14:18] Sue Bryce |  It's definitely. So as much as I hate meta, I do like the amount of data that they've harvested. Because wow. It is wow. Yeah.

[01:14:32] Sue Bryce |  I don't believe in Go Big or go home. There's no go big. I never wanted to go big. You know, when I did my first creative live, I didn't have a Facebook page. I opened it the weekend of And I was like, really, what do I need a Facebook page for?

[01:14:48] Sue Bryce |  I had 11,000 followers by Sunday. So I was like, oh, that would be why. I was like, that's a lot of people, you know, What is go big and go home? All I have is go to bed and get paid. That's what I wanna do.

[01:15:05] Sue Bryce |  I want more products on my website so I can go to bed and make money. And when I wake up in the morning and I've made money, I wanna go, Oh,

[01:15:13] Sue Bryce |  I made money. Oh my god. It made money while I sleep.

[01:15:16] Sue Bryce |  You pay for the data by, basically doing all of your advertising and growing and learning about your avatar and doing all of your paid advertising on Facebook, which I don't teach, by the way, but I'm always connected to people that know how to teach it. More questions? Any questions in the room? Yes. I feel like I have to learn Pinterest now.

[01:15:50] Sue Bryce |  Alright. What would you like to hear me talk about for the last What are we? 10 minutes? Come on, guys.

[01:16:03] Audience Member |  Wait. Oh, sorry. So if you're releasing a breach each whatever, how do you approach the wait list slash the Zoom calls to interview them? Do you share the details of what you're offering, or do you just

[01:16:18] Sue Bryce |  share the what details?

[01:16:20] Audience Member |  So location, how much it is, what it includes. The wait list for? A retreat.

[01:16:25] Sue Bryce |  Okay. So if you're selling a retreat, it's not a wait list because you will literally book the dates and you are selling it. But if you have not opened the next dates, then you can put you've kind of missed the opportunity from your last workshop when you say fully booked, go on the wait list. So you start building the next wait list when you open whatever coaching that you're doing. If you're just gonna do one on one sessions at first until they become retreats, you can create a wait list for one on 1 and then you just say, one on one coaching opens next month, I currently have a wait list, but get on the wait list and I can book an interview also with you in the next month to see if you and I are a good fit.

[01:17:10] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. So as soon as you can, create a wait list for the next round, and that's one of the most important things that you can do to start creating a wait list. There's a very big difference between creating a wait list and selling something that's already booked and ready to go. Yeah.

[01:17:27] Audience Member |  So you would create the wait list for beta testing as well? No.

[01:17:32] Sue Bryce |  No? Okay. No. With beta testing, I'm going to call for people that I can move their needle, but it's not open ended. I don't want twenty five people just to come in.

[01:17:42] Sue Bryce |  And if I did have 25 people in there, I'm selling a workshop. Okay. Right? 25 people aren't gonna commit to a new speaker and a new work that they have very little detail about unless you've been proving it in a group in a networking area or something unless they were already qualified they're not going to see it yet until because you're not showing it on your social because you haven't done it yet. So it's only when you start doing it and that's when you call for beta testing it gives you content, it gives you practice, it gives you connection, and it also gives you assets.

[01:18:15] Sue Bryce |  That you can use to then keep booking and keep booking. Yeah. That's when Yeah. I answered that before when Jeanette said how many conferences, and I said you have to do Google searches in your industry. What kinds of things on a page for a treat make it a attractive on the landing page in marketing.

[01:18:35] Sue Bryce |  You. You. Yes. I know that I could be like, Hey guys, I'm going to do a retreat in Italy at Grafic Castle. And I know that you'd like to think that everybody would say yes to that because it's Italy and groovy castle, but that's not the truth.

[01:18:55] Sue Bryce |  The truth is is it's you, you just happen to be going to a magical place. Places don't have energy people do, and you just have to remember that you're choosing, a retreat, but it's not about the retreat. And if you think it's about the retreat, you're not you're not booking travel. It's not travel that they're booking. It's then experience with you.

[01:19:20] Sue Bryce |  So the most important thing that I want to say on a retreat page is you with people facilitating what I visually see is that connection and people in a place, whether it's maybe they're meditating, maybe they're all laughing together, maybe they're all drinking champagne, whatever your vibe is, and they're all doing that with you, and I can see that this is an experience that I want to have. This is I see my people in your marketing. I am the people in your marketing, you know, you're looks like me. And when we were Melissa has written her book about breast cancer and we're talking about doing a breast cancer retreat. And just talking about it and we were saying, you know, and she was like, oh I I would, I could get stock images and I said, yeah, or you, me, and 2 other girls, I'll 3 the girls can all just go for a night at a beautiful retreat place somewhere, a resort in Sedona.

[01:20:19] Sue Bryce |  And for girls trip, and we can set up our round the fire, camp fire, and we can take colorful blankets or whatever your vibe is, and we can just do beautiful pictures at sunset where we're all laughing together and drinking champagne and you're seeing the visual imagery that is explaining this experience to you, and it's me, and it's Kylie, and it's Melissa, and it's people that you know, and it's like, sure, that they might be Melissa's friends. But we're all wearing, you know, breast cancer things and it's you can see that the theme is tied in. You can see because what you're doing is visually creating, you you visually create a story And that's why photographers and videographers are the future because rich video and rich photography is what sells this product online because other than sharing your voice and teaching, I have people now after 14 years of doing this by the workshop I have, even if it sells out in a day, they'll buy the next workshop I have, and they'll write on an email. I don't even know what this is. I just saw you were selling something, and I bought it.

[01:21:29] Sue Bryce |  That's that cool. Thanks. Like, wow, I hope one day I'd never disappoint you. Have you got that Oh, well, I bought this thing and this stuff, but, like, people now now just buy whatever I put up and then ask questions later. People bought this class and said, I don't even know what I'm gonna make.

[01:21:47] Sue Bryce |  I just wanna do this class with you because you've been my mentor, you've been my teacher, you're a good teacher, I connect with you, your my people, once you get your people, you're there, but to get your people, you've got to see, you've got to show yourself doing something, but you're not doing it, but you are doing it. So you're not a fraud addict, you're just giving a visual reference quickly to something that you're doing that is going to be better and better and better. Yes. The wait list is not your newsletter, your news that you can say join my VIP list, join everything I said last week. Join the group, join the community, join the platform, join the newsletter, whatever one, but a wait list is specifically to be in that workshop or get that shoot or that product or buy that, go on that wait list for that coaching.

[01:22:34] Sue Bryce |  That's the list you're building because those people are interested Then when it comes time to sell, you email and sell to those people first. Those are the people that have given you their name and said they're interested. And connected with you. Yeah. I find myself having to tell people I'm not a life coach, I'm a self development workshop facilitator, Okay.

[01:22:57] Sue Bryce |  So find a clearer way to say self development workshop facilitator that doesn't sound like life coach. Then you won't have to tell people what you're not. Would you say creative life is still worth approaching? Are they still in business?

[01:23:14] Audience Member |  You can still buy classes

[01:23:15] Sue Bryce |  or something.

[01:23:16] Sue Bryce |  Oh, you can still buy classes? Oh, yeah. No. They haven't recorded a workshop in years. Years and it's sold and done, so I think it's just a library.

[01:23:25] Sue Bryce |  My videos on the building of my house has had a lot of attractions I do the same with my in person coaching clients, it would attract potential clients with my in person. It would protect I think that was a comment, not a question I always strive to make sure my intended audience is represented in my marketing. You know, age diversity representation, all of those things, more important than anything else. Because Those are your people. You don't put age diversity representation on your website because you should or you have to, you put the people that look like your clients on your website because then the other people that look like your clients and go, they're my people and you find your people.

[01:24:09] Sue Bryce |  That's how you do it, you know, that's how you do it. I can't believe I fought your advice for 8 years. Oh, people fight they fight me all the time, but here's the thing that I've learned about being an educator after 14 years. I don't fight back anymore. I used to be too invested.

[01:24:31] Sue Bryce |  I used to take it all so personally. I can't move your needle. You can. Can't make you get up in the morning, step out of bed, and connect to your authentic self. But you can.

[01:24:51] Sue Bryce |  I can't write your content, and I can't sell your work, and I can't build your audience, but you can. You just gotta wake up every day and think you're worthy of doing it. That's it. Just joyfully doing it. And once you do it and you see evidence of it, then you're doing it, and that is the essence of manifestation you are doing it, you're walking the walk, you're talking the talk, now you've got to get paid equal exchange for doing it.

[01:25:23] Sue Bryce |  And then one day you just look and you go, wait a minute, I'm doing it, I am walking the walk, I am truly doing this, I evidence that I'm good at it, I'm getting better at it, then you have a product to sell, and all you have to do is sell it. You wake up every day and find different ways to creatively connect to your audience and your marketing to sell more. And it's not selling. When you look at my Instagram, do you feel sold to? I am selling in every one of my posts.

[01:26:02] Sue Bryce |  Go back and have another look. Name a post, and I'll tell you what I'm selling in that post. Yeah. Sometimes I sell dreams. Sometimes I sell desires.

[01:26:16] Sue Bryce |  Sometimes I just sell ideas, you know, or just creative thought, but I'm selling something every single time I post I'm selling something. You just don't realize it. So I'm always like, what's a fun way to create marketing? What's a fun way to connect to my audience? Cause All they do is wake up every day and wanna connect to the audience that's following me because that audience is who buys from me.

[01:26:43] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. It's like you've got to give to these people, and you're sitting there going, am I good enough to post? Can I just record myself talking? No, look at it like this. I have a community of people, and I actively am empowering them every day with my content.

[01:27:01] Sue Bryce |  And I'm actively empowering myself every day with my content. For sure. Yeah. Without doubt. Without doubt.

[01:27:20] Sue Bryce |  I don't mind staying a bit longer if we've got questions.

[01:27:25] Audience Member |  How do you, if you have multiple businesses, how do you separate those on social media or your website? So if you're offering an online workshop that isn't necessarily tied to the other businesses? Are you separating different social media accounts and

[01:27:44] Sue Bryce |  If my businesses were not tied, then yes. I would separate them. But personal brand lends to a new conversation because personal brand is personal brand. So right now, you're about to see in the next couple of weeks, subrice.com. So subrice portrait gone, subrice, everything subrice, self value, everything spread out like this is coming back under one umbrella, and that's just my name.

[01:28:11] Sue Bryce |  Again, why are you doing that? Because I've just written a workshop called personal brand. And for the last 14 years, I've been a personal brand. Like a really good one. So I'm a perfect example of how to build a personal brand.

[01:28:27] Sue Bryce |  So if my businesses were defined very differently, and it was not coming under the umbrella of a personal brand, then I would have separate email, Instagrams. But I currently have a second Instagram right now for self value podcast, and you can have 2 accounts attached and just go between them with a double tap. So it's actually easy to do that, but yeah, you have to decide whether to come under a personal brand now or if you want to keep them separate, but yeah, for sure, it's a big one. The biggest question is really how to build the audience of that caliber to sell to with value. What would you say?

[01:29:07] Sue Bryce |  How much of the content to create and what are the best creations in this time today? Meaning is it stories, copies, or reels, it's definitely reels without doubt, just apps. I've been testing reels for the last year. And I'm it's fascinating. I've only paid to boost one reel, and that's the one that's at a 195,000.

[01:29:26] Sue Bryce |  It went to 55 organically, Now they've changed the new algorithm, so the new algorithm supports original content, so the big accounts that share a lot of their content. They're just stitching content does not get prioritized now. Now original content is getting prioritized ties. I know this because my last three reels have gone really high in numbers organically. The engagement has been outstanding, and comments and DMs.

[01:29:56] Sue Bryce |  I had about 700 saves on, one of them which is that's what's going to get you the most amount of back end track is the amount of saves and shares, that's why saving and sharing is so important when you like something to not just like it, but save and share it. And, I just noticed the big difference with this new algorithm because people have been complaining so bitterly. So Reels is definitely the way to go And ultimately what you're trying to do is share more of yourself, and, everybody has a different way of finding their voice online where ever that is, and it's not as scary, nearly as scary as you think. You really just need to find your way, find your sort of way forward. I feel more connected speaking in my language and referring to my country in Greek.

[01:30:44] Sue Bryce |  Should I speak Greek instead? I think you if you speak Greek, you are more likely to sell it to Greeks than in subtitle, you could always do an English version I always wanted to put my workshops into Portuguese in French with Jocelyn and Alice because they worked for me and they've Portuguese, Portuguese, and French, I always thought that would be a cool thing to do to be able to do it in multiple languages. Now you can even do the Google Voice and AI where they've put, 470,000 hours of Me speaking into a Google AI and now it replicates my speaking voice. I've also signed a death clause, you believe this? That if I die, that my business partners can use my voice and likeness for as long as my content can be sold, so I want them to be able to do that.

[01:31:42] Sue Bryce |  And with the AI, if I died right now, they would be able to create new content in my voice. It's freaky, isn't it? So it's like, yep, these are all coming this is all coming at us right now. So it's one of those things that is really you know, it's always about connection. Yes, it is.

[01:32:04] Sue Bryce |  Connection, connection, connection, connection. Okay. So, you know, my audience is big. And everyone's like, I talk about selling things a 1000 of them, a 1000 units. I talk about selling a 100 units, selling a 1000 units, and everyone's like, oh, how would I even get that audience?

[01:32:19] Sue Bryce |  I built an audience. My audience is at a 195,000 on Instagram, and I think 345 on Facebook. Hasn't grown in the last 4 years. At all, I haven't those numbers have not changed in 4 years. My account has not grown.

[01:32:35] Sue Bryce |  I don't actually want it to grow. I kind of talk to my audience now, like they know me already. I speak in terms of not like Hey, everybody. I see new followers or anything like that. I keep it pretty much like my microblog.

[01:32:49] Sue Bryce |  That's how I see it. I've had no growth there, and I honestly, I don't care if I lost it tomorrow, I really truly, if I woke up tomorrow and didn't have it, I'd be like, Oh, I don't think I'd start another one straight away. I might just take a little minute to take a breath, but I've got to say that I would rather have 10,000 people following me that buy my stuff than 100,000, 200,000, a1000000 followers. I know people with followings in the millions and it's not equating to sales. It's just numbers online.

[01:33:27] Sue Bryce |  Like whatever, and it doesn't matter. What it does get me is, credibility. With other companies and an audience, people wanna pay for it. So as soon as you have followers, people wanna pay for that. Yeah.

[01:33:45] Audience Member |  Hi. So talking about followers makes me lose sleep at night knowing that everybody's booking me through Facebook, and that's like, a 100% of my business if Facebook is down or if they lock my account, I'm dead. What other ways can you be memorable or be able to kinda keep Like, people will know that you exist inside of Your

[01:34:06] Sue Bryce |  website. Website. Newsletter, connection, blog, you know, I'm going back to lead generators. I've already filmed a new lead generator for SBE, and yeah, SBE. It's a really cool lead gen video.

[01:34:20] Sue Bryce |  I spoke for 40 minutes about, hey, you've just found my platform, I'm Sue Bryce, created this incredible platform to teach you. You're probably already mastering your lighting, you're just learning about posing and craft, photoshop, and I went through all the craft aspects of being a photographer. And then I said, and now in order to monetize yourself, you have to learn how to build these verticals around you as a creative and these are the big eight verticals of business. I walk through that. I fleeing that all and after it.

[01:34:53] Sue Bryce |  And then it got to the end. I didn't hard sell it. I don't need to. I gave so much cool information. In the last 40 minutes is to this is probably what you didn't think you would be creating right now, but this is what I want you to consider you're going to need to work out your money and finances.

[01:35:09] Sue Bryce |  Now you're gonna have to do this. And I just walked through the 8 verticals, and I said, and I bet you, you came to this platform thinking, I just wanted to professional photographer. I don't want to start a business or have to learn all this stuff and self value and money is a value metric. And what are you talking about? And I was like, but this is all stuff that you need to create in order to have a brand.

[01:35:29] Sue Bryce |  And if that interests you, I am your mentor. That's how I solved it. At the end, I was like, and if you wanna do that, if you wanna build these verticals around you as a photographer and learn how to shoot better, create, be an artist, be self sustaining, and self employed, I am your mentor. And then everything you need to join this platform as a to this post. I didn't need to go on a sale thing.

[01:35:56] Sue Bryce |  There are 1044 videos. I didn't need to do all of I did it and I said it that was my lead gen. Let's see if it works. We know because people watching convert straight away. And I feel like right now you guys need to understand Lee Jen's back, Pinterest is back, that tells me something if the market is flooded and we don't know who to buy because there's so many options, let's say three of you in this room all launch workshops or coaching tracks at the same time, and all of you launch in photo.

[01:36:31] Sue Bryce |  Which do I want? Yours is about business? I don't want that. Yours is about styling, oh yeah, I want that. I want that.

[01:36:38] Sue Bryce |  But, you know, your work's good, but it's not that good. I mean, mine's as good as yours, so maybe I wouldn't you and oh yeah. Who workshops really good? Like looks really good. I don't like her presence much online.

[01:36:51] Sue Bryce |  She's a little bit like you know, I don't really get an authentic buyback here. How am I gonna choose? And then if you said, well, If you wanna know if my workshops right for you come to this session or watch this video and you just bring them into a private lead generator, and you are just or you're doing that on Zoom or you're talking to them, what is it worth to qualify people to buy your content? What time is it worth at first to qualify people to buy your content? And that's kind of cool.

[01:37:27] Sue Bryce |  So now I think about it, I told you this Thursday coming, I'm going to do lead a lead gen for curator, and then I'm gonna do a lead gen for personal brand, then I'll put up my course page for personal brand. I don't need to beta test personal brand, guys,

[01:37:45] Sue Bryce |  I've been teaching business for 14 years. All I'm doing is taking the word photo out.

[01:37:52] Sue Bryce |  And moving that over here because truly, this is about creatives, this is about designers, speakers, coaches, it's not just about photographers anymore, and so now I can just take the photo language out and it's still all business. I don't need to beta test this class. I have beta tested this content, considerably for 14 years, and I've got a new way to teach it. I've found more ways to simplify business. I've found more ways to creative creatively connect more ways to teach people how to make money, and connect to their brand and their business and who they are.

[01:38:31] Sue Bryce |  And the one thing that's making me laugh the most is Right now, think of the thing that you the thing you most fear or most avoid What's the thing you most fear most avoid? Maybe I'm asking a wrong question. I'll tell you what it is. When I started my business, I was like, it just can't be about me. I don't want my name on the door.

[01:38:57] Sue Bryce |  I don't want it to be like Sue Bryce. Okay. I it can't be about me, I wanted to hide, I wanted to be back here, right? Every step I took, that name got bigger and bigger. I was like, no, no, I don't want it to be about me.

[01:39:13] Sue Bryce |  No, we're gonna put your name on it because it sells more, and we put your name on it. I was like, you know, No. I don't want this. I don't want this. No.

[01:39:19] Sue Bryce |  No. I'll call it this. I'll call it this. I'll call it the portrait system. Superise.

[01:39:23] Sue Bryce |  Superise. Superise. Superbrised. Superised. It was the one thing I didn't want.

[01:39:29] Sue Bryce |  It was the one thing I was most afraid of. It was the one thing I wanted to avoid. What workshop did you just create? It's called personal brand. Why?

[01:39:38] Sue Bryce |  Cause that's what I am. And I spent the whole life trying not to be one. And now I realized this one incredible thing. I didn't wanna be a personal brand because I didn't think I was good enough. I didn't wanna be my name on the door because they didn't think I was worthy of having my name on the door, and I didn't wanna be the only person standing on stage at the workshop because I thought if I put other valuable people on stage with me, people would see their value and not my value.

[01:40:14] Sue Bryce |  And if I made other photographers and I elevated other photographers, then nobody would just be looking at me and my work. I was always trying to elevate everybody else in spite of myself elevate, elevate everybody else, and don't put my name on it, and don't put my name on it. So that tells me one thing. If you're all personal brands, I'm just elevating you. Content, Montant, you'll work it out.

[01:40:40] Sue Bryce |  Here's a workshop. Here's a coaching track. Here's a digital product. Here's a template. Go and make one.

[01:40:48] Sue Bryce |  Whichever one lights you up. What do I put in it? Whatever lights you up. What do you know? How do I sell it?

[01:41:00] Sue Bryce |  You take your name, and then you take your beautiful face. And then you put your name and your beautiful face out there, and you go, my name is Sue Bryce, and I've made this product. And it does this, and it helps people in this way, and it changed my life this way. And it changed their life that way, and their life that way. And this is what it's gonna do for you.

[01:41:31] Sue Bryce |  And then you just put that out there yourself, your voice, your content, your product with value, and then people say this is valuable. It's just unbelievable to me. It's it's that's what I'm doing. So am I teaching a curator course, am I am I teaching self value? And if you truly looked at me or anybody above you and said, yeah, but I'm not or and chose something that I am that you're not.

[01:42:06] Sue Bryce |  If you truly truly looked at them and said, yeah, but I'm not, then you just you you haven't heard the lesson. Like it's not about comparison, it's about value. Anybody can stand next to me on the stage if they can interrupt me. I always say to people, sharing a stage is a little difficult because I've got a motor mouth, but if you can hold your own, we're gonna be okay. That's gonna involve you stepping up and speaking out.

[01:42:35] Sue Bryce |  And if not, I will stomp on you. Because I'm gonna dominate a microphone, but if you can hold your own, get on up here. It was never about me dominating people on stage. I will stand on stage with anybody strong enough to speak out, but you have to believe that what you're teaching what you're saying, what you're coaching, what you're speaking has value, and if you don't believe that, how will anybody else have value for you? Like, I know what I achieved, and I know how hard it was because I watch people build a business all the time, but the hard part was valuing myself.

[01:43:16] Sue Bryce |  It was not learning photography. That was relatively easy. It was not learning how to sell, that came down to self value asking for money and putting myself out there and giving people a yes or no question. Do you like this? Yes, no, and hearing the rejection of no?

[01:43:33] Sue Bryce |  That was what I learned. I wasn't learning anything else. I learned how to be confident. I learned how to speak in a room. I learn how to hold space.

[01:43:41] Sue Bryce |  I learn how to give to people. I learn how to be an industry leader. I learn how to be coached an instructor, a speaker, I learned how to stand up in a room with value. I learned how to be a boss, to employees, I learned how to negotiate, and I learned how to say no, Oh, man, if you think about everything you know and everything you've learned, then yes. You can guide somebody else to that, but only if you see it as valuable.

[01:44:11] Sue Bryce |  Otherwise, what are you doing this for? There's no validation up here. You know why? When people pay you for a product, they're not validating you, they're getting a product, simple. If you feel validated by a sale, that on you, I'm not validating you by giving you money.

[01:44:31] Sue Bryce |  I want something for that money, and if you haven't given me value in that product, you suck and I don't like you, or your brand, or your product, you've missed the point of serving people. People want something, give them something, That's how you're valuable. I would like to teach a public speaker class I'm gonna give that a lot more thought. A lot of people say that they've joined, toastmasters, and they asked around, and toastmasters really was about being in a room full of speakers. The reason I said I wanted to do a speaking class would be to give people the opportunity to stand up stage and speak, because, you know, but the truth is is we need people get up in stage for the first time, they're nervous, they're voice shakes, they sweat profusely, you know, one of the things is, are you wearing cotton or are you wearing silk?

[01:45:26] Sue Bryce |  And if you're not wearing cotton or silk, you are going to sweat, like it's your job. Yeah. And truly, when you get up on stage and under the hot lights, you start speaking and the adrenaline kicks in and it's there's nothing quite like it. So yes, to me, it is definitely, you're just going to you're gonna start off nervous, and then you're just gonna find your voice. And the only thing I can tell you is ground your feet, release your ego, give as much information as you can from this stage, breathe consistently from the moment before you walk on stage until the moment you get off it, and be prepared with the content you have.

[01:46:15] Sue Bryce |  You know it forwards backwards, inside out, upside down, I've had people challenge me in an audience of people, 500 people, somebody put up their hand and asked me a question about shooting analog. And I'm like, they did it in a way that I'm gonna take this, this chick down you watch, this check knows nothing about photography. And I've got my digital camera, and they're like, yeah, cool, but what do you know about analog? And they asked me a specific question, I said, well, for the 12 years before I shot on digital camera, I shot on a medium format Hasselblant. And then I talked about that, and I just watched 2 things happen.

[01:46:55] Sue Bryce |  1, he went and sat back, and everyone else in the audience went. And it because it was clearly a challenge. They challenge you about money, they'll challenge you about truth, they'll challenge you about, a technical aspect, and you have to be ready for all of it. And that's why know your timeline, know it backwards, know it forward, know your mastery, know it backwards, know it forward. Know what you did, when you did it, how you did it, how long you took, how much it cost, and why you did the what you did.

[01:47:28] Sue Bryce |  Know why other people did it, how other people did it, how other people found it, how you found it, what worked for you, what didn't work for you, what worked for others, have options to move forward, and what are they really doing? They're challenging. You're to see if you are right person to be up there, you're the only one that can decide that. But when you're prepared, and you know your content so well backwards and forward, nobody can trip you up. Nobody.

[01:48:00] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. That's a really cool that's a really cool place to be. Oh, is the newsletter where you share your recent blog to that list? You know, if I was gonna blog, I would go to my social media. And I would blog, also, you're either kind of a newsletter writer or a blogger, right?

[01:48:19] Sue Bryce |  2 different things. A newsletter goes emails directly out and a blog to me is more public facing, unless it's private, I've always preferred a blog because I love to curate content that's anchored on my website that people can come and see. With subrice.com, I have asked Jen to build me a blog because I want to go back to blogging. I will blog over newsletter a personal choice. Alright?

[01:48:45] Sue Bryce |  So very cool. Any more questions in the room? Alright. So as content curators, I don't work, I create. And I want you to say it every day.

[01:49:14] Sue Bryce |  Unless you still have a part time job. In which case, you can say I'm going to work so that I can create Do you understand? It's a stepping stone. It is not stopping you from creating. It's paying the mortgage while you create.

[01:49:33] Sue Bryce |  So every day you're either going to say, I go to work so I can create followed straight away by, I make time to create. I make time to create in my life. Because I need 2 hours, that's not work, that's not family, that's not physical body, that is not my spiritual self, where I can make products create content, and I'm always thinking about it. I want you to wake up every single day and say, What do I feel like creating next? Oh, there are 8 products I can create.

[01:50:11] Sue Bryce |  I could record a workshop. I could film a workshop. I could write a workshop. I could film a podcast. I could make a physical product.

[01:50:19] Sue Bryce |  I could make a template today because I've noticed all my audience really need this template. What do I feel like creating today and go and create it? Now out of all those eight products, All of those products can be sold. You know, when you ask me what I do, somebody asked me the other day, what do you do? And I was like, do I really wanna go there?

[01:50:44] Sue Bryce |  You know, because, like, I'm a peach, right? You open that door and a lot of people are like, what? And then it's, I'm kinda, you know, I said, I make shit. I like to make shit. My husband likes to sell shit.

[01:50:59] Sue Bryce |  And he went, that's true. And I was like, yeah, right, sales and marketing, I make sure he sells it, and then the guy was like, cool. That's like, I just love making products, and those products come with content, so I love curating content. And what's joyful for me guys is I wake up and go, what do I want to create today? And I create and it's a product that makes me money.

[01:51:26] Sue Bryce |  This workshop will make money, this product will make money, this merchandise will make money, this coaching will make money, and this will make money. And I love doing creative things that bring me money, So if you kind of wake up with this energy and and enough with the, imposter syndrome, Like, enough. You're only an imposter until you've mastered it. And then you're a master, not an imposter. So if you feel like an imposter, why don't you and did change the language to, I am mastering this next step in my business.

[01:52:10] Sue Bryce |  I am mastering this next step in my business. If you see everybody as becoming, you know, when somebody has blocks, you say, well, they're becoming wealthy. You don't say they've got a poor attitude, because if you did, you're talking about your poor attitude You say they're a bit needy and stinky with money, and you go, oh, yeah, did you notice that? You go, yeah, they're becoming rich and that's okay. The world is becoming.

[01:52:45] Sue Bryce |  You don't study poverty. The world is becoming. Totally different energy. If you see everybody is becoming, so as a coach and somebody goes, Ugh, what did you think of so and so's workshop when she put that out there and I go, well I'd be a pretty bad coach if I put down my students in their content I'm there to teach them to be more. Who decided that I could be more?

[01:53:12] Sue Bryce |  You didn't. Who decided this girl could be more? Yeah. You didn't. People told me I couldn't, so you didn't.

[01:53:23] Sue Bryce |  You know, I'm not going to thank any of you for that, who who decided I should get up on the stage, you didn't, I made that choice. That was for me. Yeah. So you're doing that, It's yours to make. That decision is yours and only yours.

[01:53:46] Sue Bryce |  So if I truly do, what am I gonna create today? Yeah. Guess what? I get to this is how and people say, what's your day to day like? Because you know, I don't have a job I create, so my day to day will go a lot like this now.

[01:54:00] Sue Bryce |  I now prioritize my body over my work. I used to wake up and ride at 5 o'clock. Guess what? I wake up and write at 5 o'clock because it's still an excuse not to work out because if I write until 10 AM, I don't want to work out. So I would kick my workout and I realized I was avoiding spending time with my body.

[01:54:23] Sue Bryce |  So I was like, that's a lie. That I wake up in the morning and I have to write. So I wake up in the morning and I have to move in some way and it has to be joyful and I don't have a trainer. I take myself to yoga, I get on my own mat if I don't want to go to yoga and just stretch. I meditate, I self care, I'll take a bath if I'm tired, but I no longer wanna put pressure on myself.

[01:54:49] Sue Bryce |  I want to just be more joyful in my morning practice, then I want to come to work and create. So that took me a really long time just to get that hour out early, and now we just wanna focus on creating content. And for the next June months, I'm gonna pretty much that's what I will do every day. I'll get up and move my body, walk the dog, move my body in some joyful way, shower, and then I'll get ready for the day, and I will sit down, and I will write out personal brand until it's finished. And it's, hopefully going to be also a book.

[01:55:29] Sue Bryce |  During the month of June, I will be every time I finish a segment I will send it to Jen and Jen is my person, and we work together and Jen starts creating the homework that will go with it. Okay, which is an awesome thing to have because if I didn't have Jen, she's like, you guys are out. It's 2 o'clock at

[01:55:49] Sue Bryce |  a time. Like, cutting off this broadcast.

[01:55:52] Sue Bryce |  But, yeah, so Jen will start creating the the assets for it. And and just another note, constantly look at at what it feels like to do a workshop versus to sell 1. I want you to think about your homework, your downloadables, I want you to consider how cool some people love the homework more than anything, and they they bind it and put, like, make it a book. Other people they just print it. They don't care.

[01:56:17] Sue Bryce |  Other people don't print it at all. They just have it on like everyone interacts with it differently, but for the people that do interact with your, downloadables and your homework, it's very important, very very important because it's something tangible, which is also accountability in quantifiable steps, is when you have a tangible piece of workbook to work through when I'm not in the room with you. Because if I'm not there making you motivated to do the work, what makes you want to do it? Just a reminder to everyone to survey survey survey survey survey survey survey. Craig's already started surveying you guys, and you're already seeing the questions he's asking asking you, why?

[01:56:56] Sue Bryce |  Why is he asking those questions, right? And always when I survey my students and I survey my students thing that blows me away the most about surveying my students is they will come back and say, Oh, I can tell by the survey that you've already asked 18 questions that I don't have, I haven't done. So I was like, oh, yeah, they can already see, and the questions I'm answering, asking, that I know exactly where to go with this content, and that's also amazing because they're like, I will say if you have somebody with you that curating content, for instance, when I'm writing a workshop, if somebody gives me, like, somebody gave me the book badass by Jensen Cero, I was like, I can't read this right now. I'm writing this, and if I read someone else's content, I don't want to muddy my waters by having somebody similar content in my brain. So I'll push this here until I finish like writing this.

[01:58:00] Sue Bryce |  So if you have a friend that is also curating content, you have to be careful. I'm very dominant in the content world, so when I've got friends who are curating content around me, I know what's for me and what's not for me. But just be careful because it feels like when people sometimes you you are working in parallel with somebody, then they might be like, you might be taking each other's content, and you don't want to do that. It's gotta you've gotta get things that you really need, like give me structure and how would you work this, but not looking at somebody else's contact and mutting your own creative ideas because very easy to start getting content, and somebody also, if you're working with people, so when you guys create content and you go out and start creating content, you're all like, Hey, make money while you sleep. I'm always like, yep, but that's how it works.

[01:58:56] Sue Bryce |  Do you understand? You cannot trademark a common phrase. You can't. It's where it comes from. Once you share it, it's gone.

[01:59:05] Sue Bryce |  And it was never yours in the first place. So protecting it, it just doesn't work. You've got to get really okay with that and be okay with that. Yeah, it's a big one. Everyone needs a Jen, including Jen.

[01:59:25] Sue Bryce |  Everyone needs a Jen. Yes. I know Craig loves writing He'll write surveys for you all the time. I love surveying my clients, my student, the people, the testimonials, especially it's a really good way to get honest feedback if they can't say it to your face. You know, if they can't say this class was great, but I just felt for the price point I maybe could have been they can give you that feedback on a survey, but please ask the right questions did I do a good job?

[01:59:55] Sue Bryce |  Could you give me feedback about connection? Could you give me feedback about content? Like ask the right question and be okay with the feedback. That's been really important. So mostly I've loved doing this workshop.

[02:00:14] Sue Bryce |  What people don't realize is how much I learn, still, and it doesn't matter. It can be anything. I could teach I'll learn something next Tuesday, profoundly, learn something amazing, and not just from the other photographers in the room, I'll learn from the women a photograph and, like, I get so much understanding from curators just by seeing how you guys respond to the content that I give you. Yeah. For testimonials, I ask So if I was gonna do a beta test, this is how I would pitch it to you.

[02:00:51] Sue Bryce |  I would say I'm looking for four people whose needle I can move. I would like to beta test a new workshop where I can coach you through it. And in return for that, I'm asking, well, okay let me do this two different ways. The workshop is $800 and in return for that, I'm asking 200, and I'll personally walk you through all of it, so I'm still getting paid. Something.

[02:01:14] Sue Bryce |  It's just not the full price. Just be aware if you then put that workshop on sale, at any time that person, you know, this is what you have to weigh up. So why are you trying to sell your beta test? Feels a little stinky. Like, I just need money, and it's like, if you need money, then I don't know that this is gonna connect in this way.

[02:01:40] Sue Bryce |  So if you are going to choose the right people, I want you to interview the right people because they're getting this for free. They gotta be the right people. You're the only person that can decide whether to do that as a, free class or to do it as a discount. But all I can say is tell them what you require of them before you start. I, I want to work with personally, we can do one call a week for 4 weeks.

[02:02:09] Sue Bryce |  I'd love to walk you through how it can help. I would love to teach this, and then you tell them say I would love a testimonial from you. I'd love that in video. Maybe we could get together at this event and do it together I would love to interview you on Instagram like on zoom where we record me interviewing you using my content and my product and then I can show that interview like how has that helped, what's it changed, you can give me a live testimonial like that, but you're asking for people to speak for you. Basically online, and I want people who I can truly help, and I and you can't just give somebody content at that point walk away and go, I hope it lands, because that's not what you're doing.

[02:02:53] Sue Bryce |  You're going to take the time to personally invest in all four of those people, you're going to find out when you coach those people, how fluid your content is, how strong your content is, how connected your content is. And then once you see them get stuck, you're going to see where they get stuck. Okay, and you're going to start identifying, okay, I need to add more content to this part. I need to make this more clear, and you're going to really find out whether you enjoy it or not because so many times we think we want to be something but we don't want to do the thing to be the thing. So if you don't want to do the thing to be the thing, then ask yourself what you're trying to be that you think is, yeah, that's usually what gets us stuck Yeah.

[02:03:49] Sue Bryce |  So the thing is for the Google review is if somebody writes a bad review, you can't delete it, right? So that's the thing you have to decide, whether it's worth it to you, and testimonials can be used on your website, but I like a video testimonial way better in an interview testimony, even better than that. I think we should probably have, like, a cat up live at some point, soon. I've talked with the boys about, what would be a cool way you know that people are looking to license content once you've filmed it and recorded it. So it's always good to reach out to people and say, would you like to, you know, license my content, but I wanna find a way to start, reviewing the content that you guys can review it, like you guys can start putting it up there, and the first way to do that is to bring it to the group right now.

[02:04:42] Sue Bryce |  Also there are some fellow beta testers in that group, but don't take a better test if you're not going to truly connect to the person who's teaching it and give them the assets that they truly need and that would be actually making sure, oh I'd love to do yours, I'd love to do mine, then you can maybe do that with each other, but take the time to truly do the experience of the content and how it helps, what it changes, and how they feel when they hang up from the call, from you every week. And like I said to you, it doesn't matter if you want to teach workshops in person or online, you have to start 1 on 1 coaching to do the beta test. Sometimes it's just 1 on 1 just until you get You know, the people that are giving you the yes, the yes, the yes. You know, that's the most important part. So I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna work on 2 things.

[02:05:47] Sue Bryce |  I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna work on whatever my next creative product that truly lights me up is until I finish it, beta test it, launch it, sell it, and then I just have another revenue stream, into my business, and into my life. I am going every single day. To empower my personal brand. Yes. I want you all to do my next workshop.

[02:06:18] Sue Bryce |  I'm not gonna sell it to you. It's a given. You're next next up, guys. You get the summer to make some products. I don't wanna coach over summer.

[02:06:28] Sue Bryce |  I wanna go to New Zealand and do stuff. So how about summer we we create? June July, we create, create, create, create, August, we start coaching again. And I'm ready to go. I wanna I I don't even know what I'm gonna write after this workshop because, you know, I told you Terry Hope it always talks in books, Terry's like, no, that's not my next book.

[02:06:50] Sue Bryce |  That's the one after. And I go, how many you got lined up there? And she goes, I'll like 4 four books. So I'm like, I talk about it in workshops, but like, right now, all I see is personal brand, and I don't see anything else. So I know personal brands get bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger because I can't see anything after personal brand.

[02:07:09] Sue Bryce |  I just see personal brand getting bigger, so I'm very excited to do that. So, yes. How about we create? Yeah. So Jen I was going to New Zealand last year, Jen found this thing about glowworms because we have glowworms in our caves, but, where the glowworms are in Waitomo, she sends me the thing and she goes New Zealand has glowworms and I was like, oh yeah, that's like 30 minutes from my mom's health.

[02:07:39] Sue Bryce |  What? Did I say, yeah, dude, it was, like, 30 minutes too much. Like, my mom's house. Yeah. She loves it.

[02:07:45] Sue Bryce |  We do too. My family loves bugs. Crawly thanks to bugs. And I was like, yeah, they're they're like 30 minutes from my house. And she goes, where where you go?

[02:07:52] Sue Bryce |  Would you go? And I was like, I don't know. You've seen one cave of glowworms. You've seen them all but you should have seen me in San Antonio the first time I saw Fireflies. I was just sitting there in the evening watching the sunset, you know, and I was like,

[02:08:11] Sue Bryce |  and then I say out there by myself, and then all the Americans tell them coming out. And I

[02:08:15] Sue Bryce |  was like, too, man. Like, oh, yeah. These are fine arts. It's like running around like a crazy person's like, glow worms, fireflies, I think. Do you want us to create video testimonies?

[02:08:30] Sue Bryce |  Don't worry, Craig will ask you for that.

[02:08:34] Sue Bryce |  Great. Well, I asked you for

[02:08:35] Sue Bryce |  all of that. He he does all of that. So, you know, when you go back to creative live days, this is how we used to generate online engagement and Craig always did this. One of the things he did was if you wanna apply to be in the audience of this workshop, you need to put a video on YouTube. Right?

[02:08:53] Sue Bryce |  So everybody would go to YouTube, film themself going, I wanna be in the Super Youth workshop, glamour workshop, and my name is blah blah blah. Photographer, and they'd they'd tag and everything, and all those videos were going up onto YouTube, and we'd just pull them into Facebook and share them. And then their audience is saying creative live, suebrize. Right? So asking people to apply for your content online, like that is brilliant, and it's still brilliant now.

[02:09:24] Sue Bryce |  Craig Slade at that. And I always thought that that was absolutely incredible that he would do that, and it was so smart. And, yeah, nowadays, testimonials, and video testimonials are really important. When you have a live event like a workshop, we've been doing this at TPM and shoot out for the last 5 years. We just put a little photo booth.

[02:09:46] Sue Bryce |  You can still hear the crowd in the room, so it's kinda loud, but they've got a little mic, and you could just do the iPhone mic. And just go, in under a minute, what could you tell us about this workshop? You you cut off the question, right? And then just with the video, with the workshop, like, you've got eighteen people in the room doing stuff, and you've just got one person in front of the center, and they're holding a little mic, and they can go, This was an incredible and personal experience. Just being here and doing this and loving this and loving it.

[02:10:14] Sue Bryce |  Real stories, testimonials, blog, video. Come on. Think about it. Assets. Assets.

[02:10:19] Sue Bryce |  Assets. Assets. What are our assets? Our assets are content. Our assets are photo.

[02:10:25] Sue Bryce |  Our assets are video. That's it. 3 assets, content, photo, video, VTS, in the wild, assets, assets, what can I get? How many it's can I get for my social media to sell this class for the sales page? That's the fastest way to do it.

[02:10:41] Sue Bryce |  And when you've got people in person, they truly, truly like, just to speaking in the now. And it makes a really big difference. So it's like, yeah, really cool. Don't stop sharing, and we'll keep that group active. We'll inform you if there's going to be any pop up classes or any next rounds of coaching.

[02:11:01] Sue Bryce |  And yes, you can always find me in that group. If you tag me, be patient. I'm not there every day 20 fourseven. I'm trying to balance And I want you to balance too. Okay.

[02:11:13] Sue Bryce |  Hussle culture is dead folks. Value culture gets you paid. Our generation died of heart attacks and horrible, horrible things. They burned out They broke themselves, and we taught this next generation to not do this, and now we're calling them lazy because they're lazy. They really are, because we made them lazy, because we were like, don't die, like we did.

[02:11:42] Sue Bryce |  You know, it's not with the autoimmune disease, you're never gonna be perfect. And they all went, okay. And then we went, oh, what

[02:11:50] Sue Bryce |  a lazy bunch. This new This, like, gen z, god, they're lazy, like, in Italy. Right? We're all, like, all the young models were, like,

[02:11:59] Sue Bryce |  the models aren't here. We're all waiting, like, waiting to shoot. So we go, for them, and they're like, all outside having a cigarette. And you're like, What are you doing? And they're like, well, having a cigarette?

[02:12:09] Sue Bryce |  And we're like, yeah, but it's work time, and they're like, yeah, after the cigarette, right? Cause you said don't hustle and don't die of a heart attack. So we're just gonna smoke cigarettes and take our time. And I'm like, Oh, yeah. We did tell you that.

[02:12:23] Sue Bryce |  We told the whole generation. And now we're now we're criticizing you because we don't want you to die early. Hustle culture has done its value culture now, and you really don't need to hustle anymore. So And just remember one thing, and I want I wanna just say one more thing, is remember you're looking for your people, to your people. I don't want generation z.

[02:12:49] Sue Bryce |  They're not my people. They're my friend's kids. It's cool, but they're not my people, so I want my people. I want the boomers and the x's. They're my people.

[02:13:01] Sue Bryce |  And there's enough to go around. So just look around. You don't need thousands and thousands of people. You need people who are engaged in buying your content while you create content you truly want to create. Yeah?

[02:13:17] Sue Bryce |  Alright. Let's wrap it up. Thank you.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 6 Coaching ====
