==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 2 ====

[00:00:00] Content curator video too. Hi, curators. How are you doing this week? I hope you got a whole lot of clarity in your first video. This is all about maps.

[00:00:11] The step by step guides to walking forward to creating all of these products in your business. Now let's not Why am I giving you the maps on how to create all of these products without teaching you how to curate the content that goes in them? Don't worry. That is next. The reason I do this is because the verb of doing and being means that every single day you're gonna show up to doing this thing and I wanna make sure it's really connected to you.

[00:00:37] I truly hope one of these products just lights you up straight away quite a few curators. Tell me they get very confused about which product to create first and they just don't know. And, you know, that is just another form of avoidance. So What you're looking for here is the path that makes you feel it doesn't matter if it makes you feel scared. It should.

[00:01:00] But it's the path you feel most drawn to most connected to. It's the path you're gonna look at and say, this is where I wanna walk first, and you have to pick 1 If you don't commit to picking 1, you're just avoiding picking 1. And remember, always choose the path based on What would I choose if I was my most confident self? Because confidence, you don't wait for confidence. As you walk the path, and see evidence that what you're doing is working.

[00:01:28] Every step you take brings you more confidence and more confidence and more confidence. And before you know it, you forgot what you were like way back before when you were like, can I even call myself that? Yes. Because that is clarity. And that is ownership and that is identity and you start to step into it at your full power.

[00:01:47] I have created maps to build a speaker brand. It doesn't matter if you don't wanna be a speaker gonna help you with reels. It's gonna help you with presentations. It's certainly gonna help you with networking your business. It doesn't matter if you don't wanna start a podcast.

[00:02:00] Video interviews, which is just podcasting with a video camera, can be used in multiple different ways, especially on social media, it doesn't matter if you don't want to host an in person workshop or a retreat. It will teach you how to create curate content for 1 to 5 days. It doesn't matter if you don't want to create a video series online, but if you do want to create one video, it will help you create the content to go in that. And this developing coaching tracks is one of my all time favorites. Now each one of these products has a different path.

[00:02:38] And have written a different path to all of them, but the workshop creating a workshop, a video series, and a coaching track, the first twelve steps are the same. So I'll walk you through those and then break out the difference, and then we can talk about how we can use all of these product but what I'm mostly wanting from you is a connection to the one that you want to start with straight away. So before we start talking about even creating the products, the the actual checklist, so let's say you've already started a podcast, And you just launched, or maybe you've got a full 10 episodes out or more, and you're just getting some traction. You're trying to get listeners and build the brand around it. Use the steps as a checklist.

[00:03:26] Go down and say, already doing that. Boom. I'm doing that, but not like that. So I've gotta work on that. Market.

[00:03:33] I haven't done that yet. I haven't done that yet. I write these maps in linear order. Next step. Next step Next step, and I tell you why each step is important.

[00:03:44] If you choose to jump a step, you've got to pay the piper. Alright? So it doesn't matter if you jump a step at some point, you're gonna have to take that step. So sometimes we look at the steps forward and we think I'm scared to do that. Or that's challenging, doesn't matter.

[00:03:59] You're on one step. That's how you eat an elephant one bite at a time. You're gonna take one step at a time. And the goal is to do it with a big full heart. Meaning if it's in alignment with what you love doing every day, it's gonna grow faster.

[00:04:15] If it's an alignment with your, true self, your true path, it's gonna grow faster. And if it's valuable to you and you are showing to it in gratitude every day, you're going to get paid faster than everybody else. And if you are showing up in the gratitude and spilling out of you and you're giving that love to your clients because you just can't stop, you're going to get paid faster than everybody else. You're gonna get paid more than everybody else, and you're gonna stand out faster than everybody else because what we create has to come from our hearts. And when our heart is connected to something, that is alignment because then our words, our heart, our actions, our vibe.

[00:04:57] They're all in alignment with working towards building this, growing this. Now as you learn that filming is for video. So somebody has to film you. It could be your iPhone. It could be a DSLR.

[00:05:12] Or it could be a production team. Those are your 3 options. I use my phone to do everything online. Reels, BTS, it's phone, phone, phone. When it comes to recording myself for homework, for coaching, I actually use my DSLR because I have the little adapter that turns my DSLR camera into a video camera.

[00:05:34] And because I'm a photographer, I have an incredible Canon camera, the R5, and I have some of the best glass in the world. So once I learned that that little $100 adapter turns me into an open video camera, and then I bought my sound system, I'm gonna show you all of that. Then I can film all of my homework, my coaching videos, all online at home in my own little space. Now when I create workshops to sell, I get a production team. I work with tailored media.

[00:06:03] I'll share all of the details with them. They come in, film my content for me, edit my content for me, and deliver it back. Now a production team takes away all the stress for you, and I will talk about producers because I have been producing content for 14 years, and I did not understand the power of a a producer until I started to work with 1 in 2012, Now a producer is a really big part of my life. Melissa Joan is the content producer of this class. You'll hear me refer to Melissa constantly.

[00:06:43] She's running my, production line. She keeps me on track keeps my content on track. She helps develop the content as I'm writing it. She helps the production crew produce me my time and this space and those systems are incredible, but that's something you work your way up to because it could production team comes with a cost. So when you're ready to start making the bigger bigger products, then yes, in the interim, you're gonna start with your phone Everybody starts with their phone.

[00:07:16] I still use my phone 90% of the time because now these phones are incredible So that tells me if you're gonna go for DIY, there's a learning curve. There's a learning curve around filming video. There's a learning curve around recording audio. There's a learning curve around writing content, and there's a learning curve around designing templates. But those 4 actions are really all of our superpower filming, recording, writing, and designing.

[00:07:45] Now you can either outsource every single one of those jobs or upskill yourself because you can learn anything online. So a videographer will make the video for you, but a video editor edits it. Now I can record my own videos on my phone or on my camera, and I can edit myself on imovie. All of those are free apps that are on my, Apple products. So an audio engineer records your audio and an audio editor edits the audio.

[00:08:17] Now you can record your own audio. You can even buy your own audio boards now, and you can put in your own sound effects while you're live. But if you have an audio engineer doing it, the sound is pristine. And I will say this, and I'll probably say it multiple times. It is a fact that people will watch bad footage, bad lighting, grainy footage, but people will turn off a video the second it has poor sound That is a fact we do not tolerate poor sound.

[00:08:48] So sound effectively is more important if not as important as visual video, that is so powerful to learn. An audio edit could be done on Audacity or Garageband, also a free app on your Apple products. So then designing templates, if you're not the designer, then you have to pay a designer. If you're going to use any of the AI programs or apps or any app that's going to design templates for you, if you're gonna use Canva templates, you have to read the fine print because if you are using design templates that you've purchased to make products, to sell your breaching copyrights. If you're using AI, you might be in breach of the copyright.

[00:09:33] So make sure you are I call it I call it dotting your eyes and crossing your teeth, but I call it crossing your eyes crossing your eyes and dotting your teeth because legal is annoying. But once you make sure you're not breaching any copy rights with visual products. Very important. And then a copywriter is somebody that copy for you, and you can actually pay somebody to write the copy of your email, of your website. And then a copy editor is somebody that's gonna edit all of your content.

[00:10:02] These are all learning curves. They're also available to you to learn yourself, and they're also all easy to outsource to experts that are very good at what they do. Remember, however you use the expert, the template, or the content, you have to have the copyright for it so that you can sell it. Let's walk through the maps. Let's look at the paths to see which ones are calling us.

[00:10:26] And remember, if you're already walking this path, use this as a next step guide, use it as a checklist. If you've already started, just tick just tick off the steps you've mastered, and mark the ones that you either need to develop further or you need more work. I'm gonna start with speaker brand. So speaking, I say this all the time, 10 x my business. From the moment I stood on stage in 2010, and started speaking, my business has been fully booked for 14 years, not joking, fully booked with a waiting list, my waiting list is in the thousands.

[00:11:04] Even if you don't do the sort of speaker email, speaker real, or, you know, apply for talks and conference and stuff, even if you don't do this whole path, this is still going to help you with your networking, but mostly it's gonna help you with just your confidence because 14 years, guys, the biggest feedback I get from people that I mentor is putting yourself out there is really, really hard. And it's not putting yourself out there is very easy. Get a phone, take a video, upload it to social media. You can do it in under a minute. What's hard is the fear of being rejected?

[00:11:43] What's hard is the fear of being judged trolled? What's hard is criticism? Because we have this extreme, like, fear of being rejected. It's it's deep at our survival core. But did you know the fear of rejection is in the top 5 fears of all humans, up with being buried alive being burned alive and being killed by a wild animal.

[00:12:09] People actually put a fear of rejection and the top 5 of fears. All you're dealing with is a fear of rejection, and guess what? The stage and social media is the 1st place you will get rejected. It'll be the bigger smackdown that you have ever experienced in it. It's very, very temporary.

[00:12:33] So what you're most afraid of, what you're most afraid of hearing someone's gonna say. You attract what you fear. And when you put yourself out there, you know, you worried. Somebody's gonna call me an imposter, and they will. Someone's gonna call me irrelevant, and they will.

[00:12:52] Someone's gonna call me not good enough, and they will. In fact, you'll look for the one thing that you don't wanna hear until you see it. And then it's like someone just roundhouse kicks you in right. And you go and have a big drama about it. You cry about it.

[00:13:10] You might even spend 3 days of your life finding it out on Facebook with the person, and I'll tell you this. It only hurts when it's true. It only hurts when it's true for you. And when it's true for you, hurts like hell. But it's you.

[00:13:32] So just you've got to understand putting yourself out there. It just comes with it's just part and parcel. It just comes with the territory, your goal is to stand up there with a full heart and then just a head full of content that you give give give from that stage and everyone will just be blown away. So building a speaker brand, I'm just gonna take you through those steps Number 1, we're gonna get our name, our noun, and our verb. Oh, are you a speaker?

[00:14:03] Are you an educator? Are you an instructor, an ambassador, a coach? A presenter. What are you? What are you gonna call yourself?

[00:14:11] I happily call myself a speaker. I am a brand speaker, a business speaker, International speaker. I'm an educator. I try not to use instructor, ambassador, or coach. I am all of those 33.

[00:14:24] I am all of those things. I am an instructor, an ambassador, and a coach, but I prefer speaker educator. Find your, find your noun, find find your verb, name it, Name it. Like, just find it so that you can say it with clarity and strength, and you can own it. What's the content type?

[00:14:43] Is it business? Is it money? Is it self development? Is it craft? What do you want to talk about?

[00:14:48] Is it more than 1? Write more than 1. What do you speak about? Be specific of its business? Is it marketing?

[00:14:55] Is it networking? Is it sales? Is it confidence? Be specific. I want to know what you do.

[00:15:02] This is clarity. This is clarity, clarity, and some more clarity. Pick an industry, more clarity, pick an audience. Who is it for? Who am I?

[00:15:12] What am I saying? Who is it for? I need so much clarity here. Number 4 is I need you to get some beautiful brand photographs, headshots, personal branding, still speaker stills, anything BTS, anything on stage, anything that's a beautiful headshot for speaker bio, anything where you're in the wild, anything where you're teaching, at an event, at a conference, you know, surrounded by people, everywhere you go, whatever you're promoting, the visual branding needs to be strong. Now I come from a world of teaching photographers.

[00:15:51] And I'm looking at you all going, get those headshots, get those videos, get those BTS and those in the wild. But for all of you people out there that are not photographers, We've created the perfect directory for you because we've built a directory of international personal branding photographers all around the world that offer the most gorgeous branding stills. I've gotta say when I really started to break down building a brand in content curating, I can truly tell you that the reason I think I got so much traction around my brand, as I said in video 1, was I really, I got to build a brand with beautiful visuals because I was a photographer Then I realized a lot of my friends were videographers. I started to make branding story videos, and they were also as beautiful as my work, if not more. And that that got me seen around the world absolutely around the world.

[00:16:49] I didn't realize even as a photographer at the time. Headshots have been part of my world since I was eighteen years old. 35 years later personal branding is now bigger than portrait. It's one of the biggest industries for us photographers, videographers, and creators, and it truly is the visual representation of every small brand every medium sized business, every personal brand, and everybody should have the most incredible personal branding stills across the board. Number 5, you need a speaker bio.

[00:17:21] You need a speaker bio that is going to stop traffic and don't get chat GPT to write it. You can get chat GBT to write it, but please personalize it because otherwise, they will start sounding very, very similar. You need a speaker bio and a 3 by 3. And your 3 by 3 is just as I told you in week 1. It's my name.

[00:17:48] It's what I do, and it's who is it for? It's like the condensed speaker bio, it's even shorter than an elevator pitch. Okay? Number 6 is a speaker rear. Now if you're not gonna be speaking, you won't need this.

[00:18:03] If you do want speaking gigs, you're going to every single time you're on stage at an event, even if it's just a room full of twenty people, you're on a big stage, if it's a workshop room, if it's whatever it is, maybe it's coaching, maybe it's one on one coaching, you've got to get BTS. Somebody has to be there just taking video with your camera so that you can make reels. The best way to create a speaker brand is to create a speaker real. I've always had to speak a real, because I'm a speaker in photo. And so my speaker reels were always super sexy because it showed photoshoots and photo conferences always have models and lights and they're fast and flashy.

[00:18:46] And, you know, you can see how easy it is to make it cool real. But I've always had a personal speaker reel that is really just an advert like a super gorgeous branding video. And I've got mine to play you. So number 7 is top 5. I want you to name title and description of all of your top talks.

[00:19:12] Alright? So 5 of your best talks right now give me the name of that talk, give me a solid description. Okay. This is your product. And as you're building your brand, these 5 these 5 big ones up here, I've already asked you to name the baby Right?

[00:19:31] What content type? Is it business? Is it money? Is it self development? What are you speaking about?

[00:19:37] Be specific? Is it business? Is it marketing? Is it sales like be really, really specific? Make each talk specific, make it very clear what it is.

[00:19:44] You've already picked an audience who you're speaking to because you're going to send these 5 talks with your speaker real, your speaker bio, and your 3 by 3 to every podcast, every conference an event that you want to speak out to apply to be a speaker. And the best part is as someone who builds conferences, well, that's at actually, my husband, George Marinek, is the conference builder in our team. But for somebody that's built theirs, and experience the whole thing. I constantly reach out to people to be speakers. Would you be a guest speaker at my conference?

[00:20:20] Are you ready for the big stage? And the first thing I ask is could you please send through all of your speaker information including your top 5 presentations with the titles and descriptions, and nobody's ever done it. Not one. Not even the professional ones, like the ones that that have agents that charge $50 to be the keynote speaker, not one ever did it. And I did.

[00:20:48] The first thing I did was I created 5 talks. I gave them 5 titles, 5 descriptions, 5 visual references because every talk had a different visual vibe with photography and video. And then I presented them with my speaker bio, my 3 by 3, and in incredible photo shoot of me, you know, personal branding shoot of me. And I sent that out to every conference in my industry, and I sent it out to workshops, events, until I was speaking around the world. And that is the faster way to do it.

[00:21:21] So again, if you're not into getting speaking gigs, still go through all the process because it's just gonna help you be a very, very confident speaker. So once you've defined your content type, who it's for, where you're going, you're gonna go and apply to all of these places. Another thing that's really, really in important here about getting the clarity around what kind of speaker you are and what you wanna speak about is you've gotta connect to a social triangle and your URL. So that's your website with your social media. Somehow you have to communicate that you are a speaker and that you are available for speaking bookings, which means that you're creating then a booking email or management email system around getting bookings for speaking.

[00:22:05] And then you're going to apply step number 10 to every conference, every networking event, every podcast you want to be on. Because I own 2 active podcasts. I have a boutique conference. I am constantly networking and going to events and all I'm looking for are speakers that are actually prepared to do all of those things, and they are not. It's mind blowing to me that you can have a podcast, even a good one, and you struggle to find people to interview on it.

[00:22:40] Because people aren't reaching out to podcasts going, I'd love to be on your podcast. This is who I am. This is what I do, and this is what I speak about. All I want is a list of names of people that are already offering it to me. Instead, this is what I have to do.

[00:22:57] Hi. I'm just wondering if you would like to be on my podcast. Really? Oh my gosh. Yes.

[00:23:02] I would love to be on your podcast. Cool. Or I would love you to be on my platform. Oh, cool. I would love you to be a guest instructor.

[00:23:09] Okay at all. Everyone acts like they're being chosen. Like, you just got chosen. And it's like, oh my gosh, me. And then I go, cool, show me what you're doing.

[00:23:21] Show me what you've been videoing. Show me what you're podcasting. Show me what you've been speaking. Show me what you've been making. Show me what you've been doing.

[00:23:31] Show me the last three event you went to. People. You gotta make this easy for me. It's a menu, and you're the chef. And then you show people the menu because they're hungry.

[00:23:50] And you say, these are all the beautiful dishes I can make. What would you like me to make for you? And they go like this. This one is perfect. That's how you build a speaker brand.

[00:24:10] It's really crazy to me that something like just hold so much fear and and angst for people. And then the system around it is this idea that suddenly now you're chosen and you have to now, like, get up there and develop this, like, no. In fact, when I started working with Craig Swanson George Farinakis and Aaron Anderson as the owner creator of Creative Live, the head of talent and my producer, respectively, this is in 2012. When I started working with them, as, you know, sort of offering content to them, that was the moment that I realized that people were not actually offering content. They were waiting to be given the content.

[00:25:03] Like, they were gonna stare in somebody else's content. And this is the moment where you actually prepackage it because the content is your product. Alright. That's very, very important. Monetization is important.

[00:25:17] Speaking does not pay very well. Most big speaking gigs are flights accommodation, and you're lucky to get $500. Some go up to $4000, but mostly it's people are asking you to speak for free. They're asking you to speak for a flight and accommodation, or they're asking you to, speak for a very small amount. When you do get an agent and you wanna speak in the 50 to a $100,000, when you if you blow up or and like Michelle Obama is $250,000.

[00:25:52] I would really love to book her as a keynote for my conference, but she was a little expensive. When you think of those big speaker fees, this is not what I'm talking about. The majority of conferences, events and networking will not pay you to speak. And it doesn't matter because it's what happens to the stage, to the room when you're up there. So look at it like this.

[00:26:14] There are certain products that I call audience builders. They're not necessarily big moneymakers, but they're incredible audience builders. Speaking on stage is an audience builder. It 10x my business. 100%.

[00:26:30] A podcast is an audience builder. It's because they're free. You can go to them for free or watch them for free, or maybe you've paid for the conference, but essentially they're free talks. And because people are not paying for them, and you're not getting necessarily paid for them, it's really just a a moment for you to get up on that stage. With just a massive audience and a spotlight on you.

[00:26:58] And if what you're saying is good and authentic and true in connecting, then you will win the room every single time. How did I get around making money? I knew this. I knew I wasn't gonna get paid, and I didn't try to in fact, when most of them tried to pay me, it came with, so and so wants to sponsor you, and then you get up there and it would be about sponsored that I didn't even use their product. And I was like, I don't use your product.

[00:27:23] And they're like, so. And I was like, well, I can't say I use it if I don't use it. So what I would do is I would say it's okay. You don't need to pay me anything. I will you just pay my flights in accommodation.

[00:27:37] I don't need to speak a fee. Instead, I would like a table at the end of my talk in the room for products because I'm gonna bring some merch and I would like a meet and greet line so that at the end of my talk, I can tell whoever in this room wants to stay and talk with me, and I just wanna be able to do that in a corridor outside or in that room, and I will need that for at least an hour a half. And what happens in that hour a half I get rid of all my merch, sell everything on my table that I take. I hand shake every single person in a line and a meet and greet line every all the way to the end, And by the time I've got to the end, and usually I could get a hundred people stay after a talk, I have a 100 new clients. Not to mention the clients that I'd already joined up because there was a call to action on my last slide, and I followed the golden rule of speaking don't sell from the stage.

[00:28:32] If you sell from the stage, nobody will want you there. You don't need to sell from the stage. You're there to give from the stage. Give. Give.

[00:28:42] Give. Give. The more you give. The more valuable you are. It's incredible.

[00:28:47] I have a product so imagine that you're a product ambassador and that product ambassador is in the same industry and you're talking, they can sponsor you they can also have a product room inside there with your name all over it. What if there's a product trade with that ambassador? Excellent. Give me more product, but I also wanna get paid. Sponsorships.

[00:29:08] You can get sponsored into speaking with anybody. You just have to find a way to authentically bring their sponsorship name into your presentation. The meet and greet line is a game changer. On that last slide with a call to action, follow me here. I'm gonna put a link because this is a live talk and they're gonna take a photo of it on their phone and on that link is a free PDF download.

[00:29:30] And when they put that link in, I will get their email and it will build my list, connect them to me, and give them a bonus gift to take away other than giving them a gift right then and there. Can I put something on every chair? Can I stick something to the bottom of the chair and do an oprah moment? You get a car. You get a car.

[00:29:49] Everybody gets, not a car. You know what I mean? And you'll be blown away by how you can monetize that, but mostly you're on that stage because it does 10x your business. And that audience, the bigger it is, and the more connected it is, are yours in that moment. So don't sell In fact, it's not about you.

[00:30:12] This is something you're gonna learn all through this workshop, including Lee when you're creating the products and the brand around it. This is not about you. It's much as you are precious and everybody's like, oh, putting yourself out there and so hard. It's like, yeah, but it's not about you. It's not about you.

[00:30:30] It's about the person who's buying it. It's really about them. Oh, don't worry. It's about you, but it's really about them. It's about you.

[00:30:41] But it's about what you can do for them. It's about you? But it's really about them. The trick is to get up on stage and tell people their path forward while you're talking about yourself, but you're really talking about them. So if you get up there and talk about yourself, nobody cares.

[00:31:02] After you write the bones of your workshop and video series and coaching track, or either or, like pick 1, and then you develop the content, the 10 steps to creating the path. The product and the brand around it is exactly the same for those 3 products. So that's a workshop, a video series, and a coaching track. A workshop is in person. Okay.

[00:31:28] I've done one day. I've done 3 days. I've never done a 5. 1 to 3 is my sweet spot. But a workshop is specifically in person.

[00:31:36] If it's a workshop online, it's a video series. Okay? It's a library or a video series because it's often a lot more than one video. If it's a coaching track, that could either be 1 on 1 coaching on zoom, group coaching on zoom, or in person coaching, 1 on 1, or group coaching. Okay.

[00:31:57] So just make that really clear. So you develop the content for those three tracks above, first ten steps. What are they? So the all three of these products are workshop, a video series, a coaching track, These are the steps. Okay.

[00:32:13] Let me just break down the first steps and then we'll segue out. So number 1, name the baby. You know, why do I say name the baby? It always cracks me up because imagine you just had a baby, and you're not picking a name. Can you imagine that?

[00:32:31] Your baby is ten days old, and you haven't picked a name The pressure to name a baby is big. And when you name the baby, other people are gonna have something to say about it. They're gonna judge you, they're gonna comment, they're gonna say yes, no, don't like it, don't like it, do like it, and you can spend a whole lot of time stuck on naming your baby, but I always say name the baby. Workshop coaching series, video series, name the baby. What's this workshop called?

[00:33:03] Keep it simple. Keep it direct. What's the name, the noun around it? Are you a mentor? Instructor, educator, or coach.

[00:33:14] Title. Keep it short. Keep it simple. Keep it descriptive. Content type?

[00:33:19] Is it business? Is it money? Is it craft? Is it making? Is it self development?

[00:33:23] What is it that you are doing in this workshop? Coaching series, video series. What do you speak about? Be specific, business marketing, sales, networking, pick an industry. I want clarity.

[00:33:37] Pick an audience. Who is it for clarity? Write a tagline that goes under the title of whether it's coaching, workshop, or video series, I need a title, I need a tagline, and I needed to description. What's a tagline? Make it strong.

[00:33:52] Make it descriptor. A tagline is an invitation. A tagline is a promise, a bold statement, a question, Give it a description. Okay? Short, concise description.

[00:34:03] Like, if I went online to your sales page, And I saw this workshop or this video series or this coaching series. And in 5 seconds, I saw who you are, is this is a business workshop. This is about marketing. This is for an audience of that's me. This is the tagline that's an invitation.

[00:34:24] It makes me super excited, and then this is the description of this workshop, which is what will I learn and why? I want you in one short. Like, I want in 3 paragraphs, I want you to give me the most credible description of what this product is because all of that clarity right there, those steps straight away, that's all of your marketing. Straight there. That basically answers all of your marketing questions as to how to market this class moving forward.

[00:34:57] You're gonna need beautiful speaker and brand stills, a headshot, you're gonna need some personal branding images, some BTS on stage in the wild, you name it, You're gonna do your speaker bio for your website and your 3 by 3. In fact, when I see you, I'm gonna ask for you 3 by 3. And I want you to just say it so fluidly it just rolls off your tongue. I want you to write your bios in your brand voice. Very important.

[00:35:24] Like, if you're whimsical, you can write your bio in whimsy. Like, if you're whimsical, you can say, I am an artist and, I take theory baths and, I paint with glitter that could be your, literally, your description of yourself, but write it in your brand voice. It's very important that you write about yourself in the same voice. I want you to remember SSP. Is is p.

[00:35:57] And that comes from shameless self promotion. If you feel uncomfortable saying this out loud the first time, you've written a really good 3 by 3. Trickers to keep saying it until it doesn't feel uncomfortable. Then you're gonna develop the content, by doing a better test. You've already developed the content before you started walking all these steps, but you are going to beta test it.

[00:36:23] I want you to beta test. For coaching, I think a lot of people want to end up coaching a big group of people, but, man, you only need to change the life of one business, one person, and get their testimonials. It is better for you to work 1 on 1 with 1 or 3 people than is trying to say I have an opening for 20 people to beta test my product. You need 3 good ones that you can move the needle on, that you can really change their world. And once they show people what you're doing, and then it's show don't tell.

[00:36:56] Show don't tell. Alright? Show don't tell. Because you've created a product that is a workshop, a video series, right? Because it's one of those string or a coaching track, then you're gonna have to have quantifiable content.

[00:37:10] You're gonna have to design some homework. Maybe this product needs a workbook. Are there any downloadables? Is there downloadable templates? Is there homework template?

[00:37:21] Is there guides? Are you sending anything out to them. What are your auxiliary products right now? Write them down. Auxiliary products help sell and their bonus products to selling anything.

[00:37:33] By this workshop, get this free download on how to, da, da, by this workshop, get these 5 templates on how to develop this, but get it. They all start working together. Now you're gonna get to your speaker real. You're gonna do a dynamic branding video, and it doesn't matter whether it's a workshop or coaching track or a video series, that speaker real is going to be imagine a branding video slash advert that's just pure you. And when I look at all the video that I've created for my brand, they definitely moved the needle, and I know why they moved the needle because creatives tell me all the time.

[00:38:10] Creative say to me, I saw your video, and I was like, I want that. And I was like, yeah. You did. Because that's what that rich visual does, that photography, and that video really, really does. So I wanna see something dynamic, honestly, branding, I want you, you know, doesn't matter what you're doing, whether you're inaction or add an event or just doing what you do, that is enough.

[00:38:36] Right about then, this is when you're gonna start to record your sales videos, and I can't wait to talk more about content for sales videos. Because sales videos are actually, kind of annoying, but now they're getting super fun, more like reels than talking head, I'll talk more about that. One of the most important things you can do with a video series, a coaching series, and a workshop is publish the schedule. Because before you can even market this and put it up for sale, you have to have clarity around where it is, what the time is, what they're doing, what they're learning, and exactly what they're doing because the first thing anybody's gonna do before they commit to buying this is ask what the schedule is If this is a live schedule for 8 weeks and they're not gonna be available for 5 of them, they're probably not gonna buy your class. It's good to know.

[00:39:26] This is where you publish a schedule, but you also publish details like, is this class going to be filmed? Is this live session going to be recorded? Can people that don't make it to the live rewatch it? Can it be purchased afterwards If somebody's paid for coaching and you're going to record the screen, are you going to give that as a product at the end or is it part of the sale price? You know, really think about when you publish your schedule, the tangible items that come with this workshop and how you're going to deliver them to the people that are watching and connecting.

[00:40:07] On your sales page, here's the here's the cool part about the sales page. Because a lot of people are like, I don't even know how to create a sales page. Yeah. Listen to this. You're gonna take the title you just wrote, the tagline you just wrote, the description you just wrote, and the beautiful branding stills, and that's gonna be the top 3rd of your sales page.

[00:40:29] Then you're gonna take speaker images and pepper them through about halfway down is gonna be your either branding story video or your speaker reel or your sales video. And there's gonna be information, everything you could possibly learn about this. The schedule's gonna be on there. Beautiful visuals of the, event space is gonna be on there. And so much so, we're even going to send you options for travel, options for connections, options for hotels, options for adventures and options for restaurants in your area.

[00:41:04] Okay. We're gonna connect your social triangle. And this is really, really important. So right about now, I'm gonna make sure that whatever you're naming this product, and whatever description you're creating around it, it has to in some way connect to your social media and your website. I call it the social triangle.

[00:41:25] It started out as Facebook, instagram, and your website, making sure the descriptions, the tag lines, the titles, are coherent through all three that they all cohesively speak exactly the same language and bounce off each other. And this is a really big one. So if you're going to create a workshop or something that doesn't necessarily belong in the current brand you have, then you will have to create another sort of place for it to live, or it has to live on its own URL, its own website. That's really, really important So we're still on the checklist for speaker brand. One of the cool things about being a speaker is that you have to put out there that you're a speaker.

[00:42:13] And when you connect that to your social triangle, you maybe wanna create a system for booking emails so that you can get in, so that you can start booking talks and start putting yourself out there. Then you need a sales system because like anything, you're going to be selling, and if it's even if it's an in person workshop, you're going to need an e commerce system right about now because if you're selling an online coaching, if you're selling a workshop in person, or if you're selling a video series online, then all three of those come with right now the ability for you be able to set up an e commerce store in your website. And so that is just something that you have to do. So all of those steps right now are the same for all three of those big products. Yep.

[00:43:03] Your online coaching series, your in person workshops, and then your actual, and then you're coaching in your video series. So so the way they differ is this, So now let's look at the differences. We're we're in workshops still. There is an attendee connection that you have to have. Workhops tend to be smaller groups.

[00:43:26] I'm talking usually workshops are between 4 25. 25 to push. 20 is my sweet spot. A lot of instructors I know, like 8 to 10 because it's very personal. Workshops in person allow for a higher price point.

[00:43:44] So I could charge anywhere up to 5 and a half $1000 for workshops depending on what I was teaching and the number of people in them. When I told you I post the curriculum, I don't hold back on what people are gonna learn. I make sure the title is extremely clear. I make sure the name, the description, and everything around it is really valuable, including this workshop is who is it for and who is it not for. Make sure you really, really hit that home.

[00:44:17] There has to be a connection to the attendee because from the moment they've spent that money, They're coming to you on trust. They're traveling often on their own, and a lot of people need hand holding with traveling. You wanna educate your client. You want customer support that supports their travel, supports choosing accommodation that gives them options for food, that gives them every piece of information they need around location, hosts of the workshop, who the supporters are, how much those supporters are getting paid, and what they're gonna be doing for you. But one of the biggest things that get in person workshops conferences that I've seen for years is f and b.

[00:45:03] If you're booking through a hotel, they'll ask you for the even be, which is the food and beverage, and you may pay say $10,000 for a conference space, and then you you'll tell people, you tell them you want four or five hundred people at your conference, and then they'll charge you $200,000 for a food and beverage because that's how they put it into the system. So if you're dealing with in person events, You won't believe how something as basic as food and beverage can kill your product and stop you from growing a conference or going to the next step. Simply because you did not consider the food and beverage. And if you're working with hotels, you have to be really careful. You're not getting locked into room blocks.

[00:45:46] And food and beverage, pricing that takes you out of the profit of this event because it really kills your business. Really, really does Be aware, read the fine print, cross your eyes, dot your t's, no matter what you do, no matter what you do. So when it comes to pricing, you really, like, I'm gonna talk a lot about pricing as this unfolds because as you make the product, I will talk about the price range around it. But if it's an in person event or online, you have to consider this You have to consider what the pricing is gonna be. You have to consider when you do Black Friday sales and all those what the price is going to be.

[00:46:24] You have to consider product ambassadors. Okay. So are you going to get some? Because if somebody's out there selling you, then you gotta give them a kickback. What is that going to be?

[00:46:35] What are percentages? Do you have affiliates? Okay. Affiliates or ambassadors? Are going to be selling for you and get a kickback, then they need contracts and clarity so that, you know, you don't fall out with them.

[00:46:49] You it very clear who's getting what for what. You're gonna look for sponsorship, maybe, but they have to be in alignment with the products you love and wanna rep. Featured instructors. I always say this if you're creating a workshop, a video series, an in person workshop, or you're a coach, and you wanna bring another coach to your platform to speak for a day or speak for an hour or be a guitar in your workshop or your video series? Why?

[00:47:23] Why is that person there? Why? Okay. Why are you saying it like that? I've seen this so many times.

[00:47:32] So many people are like, I wanna do this work shop, and I'm gonna bring in this person to speak on this and this person to speak on that. And I said, well, then it's not your workshop. Oh, well, it is, but this person does this and this person does that and this person does that. And I say cool, but that's not how people buy. People don't just buy and go, I'll get a bit from her and a bit from her, ham and a bit from her, get they wanna feel committed to you and your message and your words, and that's why clarity is the most important.

[00:48:00] So if you bring somebody in that's a stronger speaker than you, guess what? You just showed yourself up as being not a strong speaker at workshops. If you bring in somebody that's less of a speaker than you and they don't hold their own, guess what? Why? So really consider, why am I sharing this stage?

[00:48:25] Sometimes we get people to share the stage with us because we don't feel like we're worthy of standing up there on our own. Sometimes we put somebody up there because we think it increases the value, but here's the thing. Everybody there's paid to be there. And this speaker is getting paid something to be there. So be very careful about what that is and whatever you do, please please.

[00:48:51] Clarity content. Clarity content contracts. Sign it. You're going to come and speak at my event. This is the fee I'm paying.

[00:49:02] You'd be very clear, set expectations with people make sure this is a big one. I know I'll get a lot of questions about that in the coaching and that's perfectly okay. Perfectly okay. So, what I really love about, doing in person workshops is it's not recorded. I learned how to be a stage speaker by teaching at workshops, teaching rooms of twenty people.

[00:49:29] And honestly, the 1st sort of 3 years that I built my business coaching business, I just traveled the world and taught in person workshops. I'm telling you Paris, Italy, Greece, Switzerland, Germany, London, New Zealand, All through Australia, barely. I've been around the world teaching workshops. I've loved every single one of them. For me, I actually scaled up because I found I was selling out a whole year of workshop in one month, and I can only see twenty people at a time.

[00:50:09] So I went online, but I still think about it right now. It's teaching a workshop. Like, if you have a creative space for your business and you could create a 2 day workshop or a 3 day workshop and just host four people, six people, eight people, at that higher price point, what would it be? And to me, still to this day, it'd be the one product I see on this list that it still really excites me. Yeah.

[00:50:33] Really really excites me. I'm not joking about the public speaking workshop. I think I found some cool ways to get people especially like when you sit in a broadcast set up like this and you're actually on the side of it looking back instead of being on your side looking back in, just sitting here as broadcast training. It's so incredible to experience, and I would love to be able to empower people's confident voice, you know, whatever they're doing, whether on stage, on camera, on their iPhone, on reels, because truly 10 x is your business. It's finding your voice, guys, and it's finding the confidence in your voice.

[00:51:10] And just remember Einstein, if you can't explain it simply, you just don't know it well enough. When you know something so well that it just rolls off your tongue and there's so much clarity and power, that's when you know that you're in your flow and that feels Oh good. I love hands on learning, and I think that's really, really important. I'm a hands on learner. Some people listen To learn, I can't listen to learn and I have to watch you do it and then you have to show me and then I can do it.

[00:51:41] And some people read and some people need some hand holding and that's okay. I think that's okay. That's what makes coaching so good. Face to face interaction, there's nothing like it, and community It's about community. So coaching 1 on 1, exactly the same.

[00:51:59] All those first steps exactly the same. You name the baby. What are you? Keep it short. Give me a title.

[00:52:06] Give me, like, who's it for, what arena, what industry, what audience, what's your tagline, what's your description, what am I gonna learn, then you're gonna get your stills, get your images, get your video, You're gonna develop content, you're gonna beta test, now coaching 1 on 1. How it's different right about now is you publish your instead of publishing your schedule, you're gonna publish your coaching schedule. You're gonna publish pretty much, you know, what you're gonna learn, how many people are in the group, step by step, people are gonna see the schedule, and then they can decide whether to pay less to have you in group coaching, or whether they can pay more to have you in 1 on 1 coaching. I think that's super important. The best part about beta test and your coaching is you're gonna have all of the written testimonials video, and like if you've coached 2 or 3 people that have really made a difference, you're gonna have incredible testimonials from them.

[00:53:02] Your sales video, your talking head with b roll is really just talking about your coaching. It's really showing your testimony. So is more video you can get of them, the better. And every other step to building your brand with your speaker bio, your reels, your brand video is actually the same. Where does it differ?

[00:53:23] One of the big things is this is coaching. So you have to decide whether you're going to be an online coach. Or an in person coach. And I've done all 3. Coaching is not my jam.

[00:53:37] What, so ever, coaching is not my jam, but let me just tell you the 3 ways I did it. I've done coaching online on Zoom, and the cool thing about that is you can record the coaching session. They can, too, But if you're the host, you get to record it and send it to them, and then you have a little bit more control over that, so you can tell them that. The whole point is that you have to decide what kind of coach you're gonna be. Is this something that you're gonna develop coaching tracks and do one on ones, or are you into group coaching?

[00:54:07] Are you gonna put these tracks after you've beta tested them? You can then record these coaching tracks and have them as library systems So they start out as coaching but end up as an online automated system that people can access while you're sleeping provided you have customer support. It's like this. Anything where you make money where you sleep while you're sleeping, somebody spent money with you. If they can't access what it is that they bought, the coaching, or the website, or the product, then as far as they're concerned, you have my money, And I don't have the thing you promised.

[00:54:45] Right? So 8 hours goes by because you're having a really good sleep. You wake up in the morning, and this person lives in London. So they've been up for 7 hours. You've taken their money and give them nothing in return for a good 12 hours because, you know, at midnight to waking up, you didn't really think that somebody was gonna get online and slay your customer service and business on Facebook because you weren't there.

[00:55:15] So it's like, remember this. Make money while you sleep as good if the systems are automated. Would you like to know that after 10 years of running online platforms. What the most common reason that people could not access the content that they just purchased online is? People write the email addresses wrong.

[00:55:43] 99.9 percent of my customer complaints, and my customer support emails, I can't log in. I can't reset my email. I just bought this workshop. I just bought this platform, and I can't can't log in. The best part is we would go and look at the email, and then we'd send them the email and go, is this your email?

[00:56:07] And they go, No. It's spelled wrong. And you go, okay. Well, you have to either spell it like that or gonna change it. People couldn't spell their own emails.

[00:56:19] 90 night is still to this day. 90 night. So if you set up customer support, you're setting up automated customer support because you are sleeping and you're making money, but not if you're making people upset when you're not there, create those systems. Those systems are very important. You know, with, coaching, you can travel.

[00:56:39] You don't have to people can travel to you and learn hands on 1 on 1. They can learn online or you can go to them. If you offer that and it was really good as a photographer because people wanted me to come to their studio so I could see their setup and their business so I could coach and mentor them in their space, but that involves more money. That's another flight. That's hotel, that's travel, that's travel money, that's travel time, and that means it's probably twice as much as if you come to me.

[00:57:12] Very important. Make sure you're offering 1 or 3, but make sure you know what you're offering with those 3 coaching things. Just know that anything you put out online on zoom, people will want to rewatch it. The first thing you should do is record everything, record everything. It's a product.

[00:57:32] You can either include that in the sale of your product or give it as a bonus or auxiliary or download or re download or simply, hey, I recorded our session for you so that you can rewatch it and get all the points, and then people are just like, the best thing about coaching and recording is if someone can't make it, you say don't worry, you're gonna get the video next week anyway. Okay. So there's so many ways to add it as an auxiliary product and a bonus product. Again, exactly the same with your pricing, with your product ambassadors, with your affiliates, with your sponsors, with your featured instructors, all exactly the same steps. After those changes.

[00:58:11] It's pretty simple, and your tech again is either DIY learning curve or outsource. I've got so much cool stuff to teach you in terms of do this and don't do this with video and with lighting. And as we make each of those products, I'll make sure I'm throwing all of that in. I can coach anywhere in the world in my yoga pants. I can coach anywhere in the world And, you know, I just think that's extraordinary.

[00:58:40] I think it's an extraordinary business that I could be on holiday in New Zealand. And I could wake up and just spend 2 hours coaching people, and then I could go windsurfing or fishing if I wanted to for the rest of the day. This idea that we have to work a 9 to 5 is done. This idea that we have to work a 5 day week is done. There's no more hassle anymore.

[00:59:03] We watched our generation. The generation before us just die of heart attacks and stress and Hi, cholesterol, and all the other things that stress bring you, and now we know we don't have to hustle to be successful. We don't have to hustle to be wealthy. In fact, the less hustle and the more relaxation and the more value we put into this content and the quality of our life that we put into this content, the better this content is. The more you coach other businesses to not create a 8 15 hour workday or a 5, 7 day week is We're creators.

[00:59:38] We can create whatever we want. Start thinking like an owner. Start thinking like a creator and stop thinking like an employee. I feel like the versatility of coaching is extraordinary. It's perfect for our stars to coach.

[00:59:54] You don't have to create content. You're just coaching content. It's perfect for star supporters, and it's just an awesome way to make money and an awesome way if you like connecting with people. I love speaking on stage. The bigger the audience, the better.

[01:00:09] And I love creating or curating marketing content, both visually and written. I just live for it. I I do it in my sleep. I love making the content that goes in online education products. Those three things in my wheelhouse and where I make the most amount of money, Those three things are my superpower.

[01:00:29] I do not enjoy coaching. I don't enjoy coaching 1 on 1. I don't enjoy group coaching. I do enjoy in person workshops. And in 2010, I was being asked, do you mentor?

[01:00:43] Can you coach me? Do you mentor Because remember, look at your audience right now. What are they asking for? Do you have a book? Do you teach a workshop?

[01:00:52] Due to coaching, people are asking you, I had so many people, will you mentor me? Will you coach me? Will you mentor me? Will you coach me? I said, yeah.

[01:01:01] So I created a package that was $30,07,000. $3000 was for 1 day, 7000 was for 2 days. Because the second day was also a photo shoot. And, instantly booked $37,000 client the first day I put that up in the out there, I did all three and then promptly removed the package from my website. I was like, it I am living proof.

[01:01:31] $21,000 got put into a bank account that day, and I was like, must is gonna be a cake walk. Then I spent 2 days with three people, and I was like, shoot me now, I couldn't do it. It's not how I work. It's not how I connect. It's not how It's really not how I do it just because you can doesn't mean you should.

[01:01:55] Okay? Or just because you can, dear, don't. Was coaching a fit for me? No. Did it teach me a lot?

[01:02:05] Yes. Because remember, the person that you're coaching is one person, and when it's one on 1, it's very one to one. And you've gotta make sure that that person is a fit for you. You've gotta interview people before you let them purchase that package because if they're not a fit for you, you have to break up with them before they buy your package because no amount of money will make them a fit. No amount of money will make it joyful for you if they're not a fit.

[01:02:32] It's just that simple. Put up some boundaries and parameters and say, go on my waiting list or even better book a Zoom call to see if we're a fit for each other. Oh, it's the fastest way to know if you can sign somebody up, then you can really keep them, coach them, ask some questions, really work out whether you can help them or not. And instead of hitting social media and saying, I'm available to mentor twelve people. I want you just to find one.

[01:03:00] Find one person. Take them to the next level. Watch the difference and how both of, you know, them and you post about it because once you see people in momentum, actually doing it, then it's a game changer because then you're doing it. You're not just saying it. You're being it.

[01:03:17] You're doing it. You're demonstrating it. That is it. Demonstrating it. Start doing it.

[01:03:22] Do it for free if you have to. Coach 5 people if you have to. If you can't change five people's businesses for free, you certainly can't sell it. Find people that are gonna meet you halfway, not people that you have to drag kicking and screaming to success. Find people that are hungry, they just need the clear path, they just need a bit of guidance, and a bit of hand holding, and handhold them to success.

[01:03:47] Then you're a successful coach. Then all you do is show people what you're doing. Don't tell them what you can do. Show doing it. Show don't tell.

[01:03:58] A mentor or a coach creates accountability pro accountability products. They create connection, They create ongoing steps of engagement, and they help people quantify their steps so that they can see each achievement. Because that's all we want. We want meat and potatoes. We want real meat and potatoes.

[01:04:21] Cut the fluff out. Give me the real meat and veg. Make it real. Make it strong. That's what people want.

[01:04:30] What people want is value, and they want content. They don't want you to talk about yourself. You can talk about yourself if it's giving them value and content. They want service. They want support.

[01:04:43] People want guidance. They're online, but they wanna be seen. That's weird, but it's true. And they're invisible to you because you can't see their face, but they still need to be seen, find a way to see them. Accountability, community, connection, actionable steps, quantifiable results, especially online, people need to see their results.

[01:05:11] Ironically, I saw all of these steps, all of these products are steps. I did. My first product to my physical product, my first product was coaching 1 on 1. I hated that, so I coached a group. I hated that So I taught an in person workshop.

[01:05:30] I really liked that. So I taught all around the world. Then I got noticed by Creative Live, and I taught my first online workshop in 2012, right? And once I got to there, I'd stopped doing in person workshops, and now I was online. Then from there, I started to speak on the stage all around the world in my industry.

[01:05:50] It's weird because that progression from making a product to coaching 1 on 1, to coaching a group, to teaching an in person workshop, to teaching a big online workshop, to speaking on stage, every step, the audience gets bigger. Think about it. When you make a product, the audience is just who you put it out to on social media. When you coach 101, your audience is one person. When you coach a group, your audience is six people.

[01:06:18] When you teach an in person workshop, there's 25 people, When you teach an online workshop, there's a thousand people or 10,000 people. When you speak on stage, there's 3000 people Like every time the stakes got bigger, but the truth is is that's actually not a step by step. At all because it's more what's my mode of expression, what's my joy, I don't enjoy coaching, so I could take that off. I do enjoy making products, and I still do. I don't enjoy, in person workshops, I do.

[01:06:54] I just don't do a lot of them. Do I enjoy teaching online workshops? Yes. And that's where I make 90% of my income Do I love speaking on stage? Yes.

[01:07:04] I absolutely do. So it turns out my wheelhouse is bigger audience, bigger platforms instead of more one on one It's just how I like to work. It's not a natural progression. It's a choice. So really consider that for a video series, it the same as coaching series and in person workshop.

[01:07:21] All the steps are exactly the same again because you're really just getting clarity around who you are You're getting clarity around what it is that you speak about. You're getting clarity around who it is that you're speaking to. And once you do that, you can really define your audience and find your industry. And I think that is absolutely super important. With the video series online, as you learn how to curate and develop content.

[01:07:47] I have this system of curating content where I plump and then flip and create verticals and refine. And as you start to learn the system of flipping and creating deeper verticals, if you do have lots of content around one subject, that comes forward very, very quickly. So don't worry. That's very obvious, and it's It starts to just grow in front of you. The content really expands.

[01:08:12] One of the most important things that I want you to do in your homeware this week is to map your timeline of growth. I want you to map a timeline. Like, you can either write a list but I want it in linear order. Here's the rules. I want you to map your timeline.

[01:08:30] I want you to look at all the maps that I've provided for you as templates, and I want you to look at those steps. I want you to consider which one you're most drawn to. But over in your homework, I want you specifically to map your timeline of growth. I want you to map your timeline of mastery. I want you to map your timeline to create products and income, and I want facts only in linear order.

[01:08:56] Why? Time, how long did it take you to master that? How long did it take you to create that? How long did it take you to build that? How long did it take you to grow that?

[01:09:09] How long did it take you to earn that income? How long did it take you to connect? You know, like, don't you see all your students want to know is the timeline. What was the timeline for mastery, for money, for income? What was the timeline from posture syndrome?

[01:09:25] What was the timeline for building this and growing this and and getting to here and getting to there and how long is it gonna take me to be you people wanna know how long it took. They wanna know the steps she took, but the timeline is incredible. And the timeline is your experience through all of these bullet points, connect all the stories throughout that timeline, put a marker This is where I learned my hardest lesson. That is a personal story. That is not a fact that is a personal journey story that that makes this part of the story a motive in a certain way.

[01:09:59] Maybe it was challenging. Maybe it was terrifying. Maybe it was scary for you. It doesn't matter acknowledge the story, acknowledge in your timeline, the growth, acknowledge the fear, acknowledged because when you're teaching people and they get stuck on their timeline, you just look back on your timeline and you go, I know when I felt I know when I experienced that. I know when I smash that block or broke through here, connect the stories, connect the lessons, you know, write down the knee scrapes.

[01:10:27] How many times you fell? The smackdowns, the rejection, like, write it down market. When did I feel strong? When did they come into my confidence. Not till about then.

[01:10:36] How much money was I earning then? Oh, I was earning $50 a year. Was I happy? Yes. I was happy, but I hated my job.

[01:10:44] What was I doing here when I was earning $800,000? Was I happy? No. I wasn't happy. I was nearly dying.

[01:10:51] Okay. More balance. Look at your timeline, know your story inside and out, know your story backwards sideways. It doesn't matter. You can pull from any timeline, mastery, money, business, education, growth, know your story because when you're standing in front of people and they ask you, you need to know it.

[01:11:12] I want you to write it down. I don't need fluff. I don't need stories of emotion. I need facts because we teach with facts. We teach with bullet points.

[01:11:23] We teach by steps. The story is just the overarching narrative that comes into that timeline. That brings your experience and connects you to your audience. You know, it's so important. This is how I break down content.

[01:11:40] 1, my areas of knowledge 2, my experience and depth of knowledge and and expertise or just basically my lived experience. 3, how excited I am to teach it, coach it, and create content for it. Why is that important? Because it doesn't matter what I write in 1 and 2. If I'm not connected To this content, number 3, I'm not excited to teach a coach at Filament or create content around it.

[01:12:05] I won't. How I want to teach, present, and share in person on video, buy a book, how I want to make product for me, and then share it, make product that makes you happy, and then share it. Right. And then number 5, who I want to teach coach and empower. Listen to your own story.

[01:12:27] Why? Because the timeline of how you achieved anything with the steps to walk forward and the evidence of how you grew, how you develop that craft, that brand, that content, that product, and that income, that's everything. That is the story. And if you hear yourself say it, how did you create that business? How did you create that confidence.

[01:12:49] How did you create that network? Those are all your stories. That's your story. This is the most powerful foundation any business could build from any brand could build from any speaker could build from is knowing that narrative. Every narrative has a timeline, Every narrative has a timeline.

[01:13:07] This is your experience. It's a timeline of your growth. When you know that timeline inside out backward personal, like I said, money, confidence, business, growth, education. If you know each timeline, You are so powerful on stage. You know, as you build this narrative, remember, it's your personal story.

[01:13:30] It's a path you walk to get here. You know, it's not a creative writing class. And I think a lot of people see the stage as standing up like, somehow it's personal creative writing class takes handbag. My journey has been very difficult. And it's like, oh, okay.

[01:13:46] But this is a business workshop, and you're here to teach me. So we're not here to hear you talk about you unless it's relevant to me because it's not about you. It's really about me. I'm so glad this is not a creative writing class because if it was only one person would do this time work is, you know, all the people that will do it. It's really for you to see your path.

[01:14:07] It's for you to feel your path. I don't want you to lie when you write your timeline. Don't lie. You'll see through on stage. You're transparent.

[01:14:15] If you lie up there, you get called out very quickly. Sometimes you don't see the value of your path or your journey as who start to write it down, let the layers unfold, add more, delete some, stay on point. This is you. This is your story. You have to know your story.

[01:14:31] This is so you know your story. Start a vertical timeline now. Your timeline. This can be the last 2 years or the last 40 years if it's relevant to the content you're creating or your brand story or your growth or any level, then start writing it, add it to your timeline. Do one for career, one for business, one for maybe craft, one for mastery, one for skill, One for systems, one for confidence, one for personal development if you want to, one for money because people always wanna know your timeline around money.

[01:15:00] One timeline for each if they're relevant to your content. Okay. If they're relevant to your content. Rules facts only. I don't wanna know about anything other than facts in your timeline because you have to know this.

[01:15:18] Backwards inside out facts. No fluff. There's no fluff. This is not a creative writing class. This is not about you explain.

[01:15:26] This is just the facts of your timeline. It's simply a list of facts that details your path, your experience, and your growth. This is your homework. This is your homework, enjoy, and as usual, as you look at each one of these paths forward, I really want you to just sit down, see how far along the path you already are. Maybe you've already started taking steps.

[01:15:48] Maybe you need to rework some of the steps. Maybe you need to just go back and add these steps. Some some might be completely missing. Some might you just haven't taken the step at all. Each step something new unfolds in you, and your job is to not get to the bottom of this list as fast as you can.

[01:16:09] Your job is to get to the next step Just get to the next step and the next step and the next step and the next step. Alignment is when we have clarity. These are the seas. The big seas, certainty and conviction. Because we think something we create it in our mind.

[01:16:30] That's the first scene. And when you create it in your mind's eye, then you bring it to fruition with certainty and conviction. Because when you have certainty and conviction, you want it more than anything in the world. And when you have certainty and conviction, there is this connection to you because your heart wants it. It's not just a thought.

[01:16:52] Your heart desires it. When the heart's activated, that is the most powerful activation of the morgue. And when you get to hear when the heart's activated, there's not only connection, there's commitment because when we show up to something every single day, and we're certain and we have conviction and it feels connected, then, oh, man, you have commitment. You are there every day. How could you not be?

[01:17:19] The next sea is congruency. It's the next logical step. It's next congruence step in your path. It's taking the next step and the next step and that consistency of showing up every day with certainty and conviction clarity, I have I creating this incredible day, and I have commitment, and I have and I can feel it, and I congruently take the next step and the next step and the next step until I'm consistently seeing this clarity every day. That is success, that is alignment.

[01:17:54] That's where I want you to get. Video 1 is who am I? Video 2 is what? And I am I going to make for who and video 3 is all about taking all of our experience and knowledge and packaging it into content. That we can make products run.

[01:18:19] Enjoy your homework this week. I'll see you for the live coaching.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 2 ====
