==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 5 ====

[00:00:01] Video 5. Video 5. It's all about beta testing. We're gonna beta test because beta testing is where it's at. Number 1, better testing is about practicing speaking.

[00:00:12] You really master your content because you're practicing your content and that is straight mastery beta testing is where you practice with real people in real time, refine this content. If you cannot explain it simply, you know, the deal, refine the content. That's why you beta test. You refine the content. You practice it.

[00:00:32] You refine it. You practice it. You refine it. It starts to grow It starts to change. It starts to mature.

[00:00:39] It starts to develop. That's really exciting. You develop more content around your students needs and objections, and it's so easy when they're getting stuck because you can see where they're getting stuck on the path. It's so easy when you see them give you objections because you solve that problem and then that problem, and then you solve the next problem, and you don't realizing without realizing, you're just creating more branches and you're solving more problems. You beta test because it gets you testimonials, which is social proof that it works, and I don't want you to reach out and go, I'm looking for 100 beta testers I want you to interview 3.

[00:01:20] I want you to change their lives, change their business, change the trajectory of their path, work with them, I would rather you have 3 real success stories than 15 or 20 BS fake testimonials because they got a free class. So don't just give stuff away beta test it. Develop it. Those testimonials are everything. Number 5, the one of the biggest things about this beta test is does it light you up?

[00:01:53] Because if you're gonna launch a coaching track and you haven't started coaching yet, and you don't even know if it's something you wanna show up to every single day, that's what a beta test is gonna do. It's gonna help you realize I do like teaching workshops but not in this format. I do like writing books, but like this. I do like, you know, you're gonna get it because you're gonna be doing it. I just wanna talk about some top fears that people have because they're the same fears that all instructors have, and they just wanna get them out of the way because they talked a lot in video 4 about, you know, feeling good about being up there, but these two fears just come up around speaking and delivering content specifically.

[00:02:37] The first one is our fear of rejection. Okay. It's not stage fright that you have. It's a fear of rejection, and that's what it comes down to a fear of rejection. And don't worry.

[00:02:49] That goes away eventually. Fear is just one of those incredible things. It doesn't leave the car. It's there to keep you safe, and it's just an instinct. It's hardwired into you, and it's not gonna go away.

[00:03:04] Move with fear. That's not a problem. Fear stays in the car. Okay? It's the ego and the self doubt and the comparison that fear constantly speaks to you.

[00:03:16] That's going to trip you up and you just have to come back to one truth. I have a fear of rejection. Yes. You're human. We put a fear of projection right up there with being buried alive, being killed by wild animal.

[00:03:30] It's in our top 5 greatest fears because it means death to us to be to be removed from the tribe. Now whatever you most fear you're going to bring to you and that why when I think about that fear of rejection, I thought of everything that could go wrong, and I just came up with that mantra. I'm not here to make people like me. Some won't. And once I really got that mantra, I could just say it to myself, fear comes on stage with me, Fear brings the adrenaline and fear also makes sure that you do a really good job.

[00:04:01] Ignore it. It's okay to acknowledge it when you're speaking because I'm gonna teach you how to breathe through it, but until you do, you just gotta acknowledge it. So the close second that I see, the biggest thing that speakers go through, and I teach a lot of speakers. I coach a lot of speakers and, before they're going to do big live workshops and before they launch content, and they have the same fear come up. Once I give away all of this information, it's gone.

[00:04:30] Once I give away all of this information, it's gone, and it's not mine anymore. And I can't protect it. People will copy it, and they will steal it. And they will give it to their friends, and they will share it. And that ebook will get shared, and it will go on those websites.

[00:04:48] And I and once it's out of my mouth, it gone. It's not yours. The story might be. The experience might be, but it's not yours. The content is not yours.

[00:05:01] Whatever you're creating, whatever you're downloading, someone on the other side of the world creating the same thing, almost word for word, it's quite freaky. You know, you are given tent, and it comes down through you. It's not yours. There's no ownership. If you walk on to that stage, in a possessive energy right now, you're not gonna teach anything, and people will feel it.

[00:05:29] I'm an open book. I give everything. Like I said in video 4, if you can become me in 2 days, you are well on your way. Like, I am not afraid to give everything. The more I give, the more I got, the more I gave the more I got.

[00:05:46] In fact, the more I didn't hold back, the more creation energy just keep coming to me. I've got goosebumps, You know, developing content, I've been curating fresh content for the stage and workshops consistently for 14 years. Some people might hear that and say, wow. How do you keep finding things to say? And that's exactly the point.

[00:06:09] I'm a content curator. I can't stop. Content begets content the way that money begets money the more I create and watch you consume, the more I get, and the more I make, the steps keep unfolding. And I can see when they get too big, and I can see when people need help and when they need more, let me give you another really cool insight. If all content is kind of connected to mastery and money and personal growth and business and end payment is kind of overarching sort of energies, then people get stuck on one of those things.

[00:06:39] No matter what you're teaching them, they'll get stuck on one of the areas above because that is their identity. And mostly, they're stuck around the coming that identity or becoming something in one of those areas, it's so ridiculous because you're not becoming anything. You're unfolding it. You already are this thing. Beta testing brings all of that up.

[00:06:59] Every objection you can create new steps for, you will see entire new branches and verticals form new content is created instantly just from coaching people through your content. You know, the top selling categories of ebooks on Amazon. Number 1 is romance. Love. Is there anything more important except for that category is fiction So we write about love.

[00:07:23] I think we just love love. All the other categories are nonfiction, and they're in order religion and spirituality. Well, hello god. Number 1, biographies and memoirs. Other people's stories are number 2.

[00:07:36] Do you believe that? Business is number 3. Business is life. What are you talking about? Yes.

[00:07:43] Money and personal finances is number 4. Well, that's abundance and freedom. We all want that. And number 5 of the top selling, ebooks, is self help. And that's just change and grow.

[00:07:55] So there you go, that adds to the five areas that people create content around. Oh, wait, there's more. Health and wellness. Is number 6, and cookbooks. Would you believe it?

[00:08:06] Cookbooks is number 7, but why wouldn't cookbooks been course it is nurturing pleasure, family, social, eating is all of those things. If you can create content in one of those 7 areas, Then there you go, those are our top sellers. In the realm of business, there's a game changer that often gets overlooked, and that is just the power of being able to speak on stage. If I could turn every single one of you in 2 stage presenters, I would there is nothing more powerful, whether you're addressing a crowd in a room, like ten people or virtually online, ten people or three people online, or 30,000, the impact of confidently sharing your message transcends any boundary of traditional marketing. Any boundary.

[00:08:56] I've never seen anything like it. So look at selfie reels, these simple selfie reels that people taking just talking to their phone everywhere, speaking confidently publicly, just speaking in person or online is public speaking, although there is nothing like the pressure you feel walking on stage for a live presentation. There is just there is you cannot compare it to being online to of people is being in a room on stage. You know, speakers are really anybody now with a Ford facing brand like coaches, yes, industry leaders, ambassadors, all of those are speakers. You're all speakers in some way, but anybody now with personal brand is really the face of their brand.

[00:09:46] Any business owner that goes to a networking event, you are the face of your business, and you are speaking. And if you speak at a network event, you'll get that whole room. So all stage talks, workshop host, presenters, instructors, coaches, brand and product ambassadors. You're all public speakers now. Speaking terrifies most people, it cripples most people, but it's not the speaking that you're afraid of, it's just that rejection.

[00:10:12] And it's really the am I good enough to stand up here that hovers over you like a dense fog? Get rid of it. The second you walk on stage with that fog around you, you're looking for validation. If you're looking for validation, you're up there for the wrong reason and everyone can smell it So as a speaker of 14 years, I can honestly say it doesn't matter whether there's twenty five people in the room or eleven thousand people in that room. Feels exactly the same, so get started.

[00:10:40] Just get started. The room gets bigger and bigger. The adrenaline doesn't. It's exactly the same. In fact, It gets a little bit less, and it doesn't matter if they're all online, there really is no difference.

[00:10:52] You're going to learn how to breathe And I'm telling you breathe from your belly. Like, I'm talking navy seals breathing, box breathing, yoga breathing, The first thing I do when I'm about to introduce a new speaker on stage or a speaker that's maybe new ish and they're feeling the pressure, and I'm about to walk out in front of them, say their name and introduce them to hundreds of people. I always look at them and I say this. When I walk away from you, you're going to put your head down and you're gonna start taking deep gut breaths. Okay?

[00:11:27] Deep in your nose. Fill up your belly down here, not a shallow little scared breath up here, not not cutting off your ear because the second I start reading your saying your name and reading your intro, you're gonna stop breathing. K? And then you're gonna walk out on stage, and you're going to go to speak on that microphone. And all anybody's gonna hear is this breath that's like, that's how it feels.

[00:11:51] You just hear people breathing. In this right away, they sound like darth vader, and they go to speak, and they can't because the emotion just got, and your throat, and you want a choke. And that's when you wanna pass out vomit and poop your pants. And then it's that moment that you realize if I breathe, if I just breathe through this, So I would say to them, start breathing, box breathing, 4 up, hold it, 4 out, hold it to slow it down, slow it down. And then when you walk out on stage, you're gonna high 5 me as you walk past me.

[00:12:22] And then the first thing you're gonna say on your out breath is already practiced because it's the most powerful line of your talk, and that's the first thing you're gonna say, but, no, you're gonna walk out there and you're gonna do what everybody else does. You're gonna show your palm friend, friend. Hello, everybody, friend, and then you're gonna tremble a little bit. You're gonna get a short break. You're gonna maybe even, like, get tears in your eyes.

[00:12:43] You're gonna sweat profusely, and that the moment where everybody gets up into their voice and throat instead of being in their breath and being in their full power, you're gonna learn how to breathe because it's gonna change your life. Nobody walks on stage that's not breathing. So I don't care if you need to be a yogi in that moment and say, This is my yogi breath. I don't know if you wanna be a navy seal and say this is my whatever gives you power. You're gonna find your breath.

[00:13:12] You're gonna put your feet on the ground, and you're gonna ground your feet energetically push those roots into the earth, bring mother earth energy up into your legs and you just feel grounded and rooted and you're breathing. And in that moment, you're gonna set the most powerful intention through your body for this talk, for this class, for this moment, for this presentation, you just set an intention that everybody in that room feels it and hears it and connects to it. And then you say your mantra to yourself. You fill yourself with energy. You fill yourself with breath.

[00:13:47] You say I speak heart. And then you walk out there, ready for that first line, knowing you've prepared incredible content, and you're gonna knock their socks off. That's how I felt. I know. I don't know why you're also afraid of it.

[00:14:06] I learned how to craft a talk, that kept the room, did silent for 90 minutes. I learned that I could bring half the room to instant tears by saying 2 things. The first is when you talk about the incredible emotional bond, good or bad that we have with our parents. And the second is when you talk about the incredible bond of being a parent, and not having an unlived life because your children will do as you do, not, as you say. I learned how to connect from the stage instead of self from the stage.

[00:14:46] And I learned that content curation and speaking and teaching were actually my calling For sure. Like, for sure. So I want you to know that getting up on that stage and finding you know, your confident voice, it just changed my entire life. It tenxed my business, and it 10 x, my income. Now I've thought a lot about that.

[00:15:15] You know, perhaps more importantly speaking on stage has this potential to catapult you for many different reasons, but one of them is it's just leveraging your confident voice, and it just leverages your expertise and it's crazy because you're standing up there and most of the room are not, like 99% of the room are looking at you It opens you up to opportunities to clients, to partnerships that just seemed out of reach before. From the moment I started speaking on stage, my business was fully booked. So I would lead the stage, and I just I was fully booked for 3 years in my business, I could see that my business was growing so fast. So step into the spotlight and embrace this confident voice because you have something to give and it truly changes you and it changes people and watches your business and your income just take off. You know, I started to do a little bit of research about what the top most admired skills of a speaker are because I want to teach people how to be a very powerful speaker.

[00:16:23] And number 1 is confidence. People admire you on stage because they see you, number 1, is having confidence. People want confidence. Everybody wants confidence, but you don't get confidence and then stand up on stage. You get confidence by standing up on stage and doing it.

[00:16:41] So that's the crazy thing that people would think you're confident just because you're standing up there just because you chose to be up there where a lot of people are terrified of being authenticity. Well, that's easy. Keep it real. Charisma, be charming. Well, use your personality.

[00:16:56] Don't be afraid. If you're naturally funny, you can be funny in your talk. Just let your personality come into whatever whatever you're doing. Like, especially when you're teaching online because often I'm talking to a camera right now. I can't see a face, and the face you'll look at mirrors your own, So you've gotta remember to use your expression and use your face and use, you know, smile in.

[00:17:18] Otherwise, you're talking to a little camera. You've that there's a human being looking right at you on the other side. Communication skills, well, I mean, hello, you're the one with the microphone, empathy, you know, how much of your story is in relation to the people in the audience? And like I said, it's your story, but it's really for them. And when it's for them, people will say things like, I felt like they were she was speaking straight to me because they know that I know what they're going through, because I've been through my timeline and empathy is a big part of how I did everything, knowing what you're going through because I went through it.

[00:17:55] Resilience really comes down to I did it. This is how I did it in you can too. That's one of our most admired admired skills as speaker and inspiration. How do you empower? How do you impact?

[00:18:08] What do you give and what impression do you make? That's what people are looking at when they're out there. And that is just all your story and your truth to the right people speaking the right lessons and giving the right steps. I wanna take you through some of my biggest speaker pro tips because it doesn't matter if you never end up on the stage. It doesn't matter if you're just doing real, selfie reels, the confidence to speak, just listen to these tips because they make a really, really big difference.

[00:18:41] Now when I was a creative life instructor, I am the most highest paid creative life instructor, meaning my classes put me at the top of all the instructors. And because of that, I was on the board of directors, and I was helping them actually look at all the speakers and work out why the top 10 were in the top 10. What was different about them were they different in how they spoke, how they presented? I'm obviously looking at whether it's educational, whether it's engaging, entertaining, empowering, you know, I'm looking at all of those things. Then I know that one of the top things you can teach anybody that's about to speak is simply breathing to prepare as is doing exactly what I just told you, grounding your feet and learning how to truly breathe so that you're not going into a panic breath, which is that short breath up here.

[00:19:34] When I first started speaking, I had an assistant traveling with me and she specifically knew about speakers because she'd worked for other speakers that are traveling and speaking, and she would listen to my breath on the microphone because she would time it. And she would say in the beginning, this is 10, 12, 11 years ago, she would say your breathing took 3 minutes to come down And so that means I'm starting my talk up in my upper breathing, like, breathing, panicking, and then it took 3 minutes for me to get my flow. And stop hearing my breath on the microphone. Now because I had somebody in the audience that was telling me that I could see what I was doing. So I learned how to breathe before, then I learned instead of having that nervous, you know, show palms, high friend, a a a trembley start, I would acknowledge my nerves.

[00:20:28] So I would breathe and breathe and breathe before I'd walk on stage and then I'd be walk out on stage and say what I have to say my powerful my first powerful line and I would be trembling and trembling, and I would go to say it. And inevitably, I would trample, and my voice would be in an upper register. So instead, I would just stop, put my hand up, or acknowledge it, and I would say take a deep breath with me right now through your nose, and the whole audience goes, and I go, exhale. The whole room, exhale. And, again, inhale, exhale and everyone exhale.

[00:21:07] And I said, there is enough adrenaline in my body right now to power the vegas strip because I was in Vegas doing a big talk to 3000 people. And when I said it, I almost got a standing ovation. Everyone just screamed and applauded. And I acknowledged it and I laughed, and then I took a big breath and I got started, and I just didn't think about it again because I just acknowledged the nerves acknowledge the adrenaline. If you have to, it doesn't really matter, then there's always the body language, the hand gestures, and the movement I want you to keep as still as you can.

[00:21:44] You know, we don't need to move our head when we speak. We can move our hands, but the second you move your head, people don't wanna watch you. So you wanna stay still, stay centered, stay breathing, And, yes, you'll you'll get your own stage body language and your hand gestures and your movements. They'll come very naturally to you. Don't spend too much time trying to develop them.

[00:22:08] I noticed the top 10 instructors, and this was how much money that they'd sold, so that's what made them the top 10. They all stood in their presentations, okay, instead of sitting. Now sitting energy and standing energy when you're delivering a talk are 2 different things. And that's why when you're teaching a class, often when I teach, I stand. So I'm at a standing desk, and a lot of the time when I'm broadcasting, you don't realize that I'm actually standing.

[00:22:36] I'm sitting right now when I'm coaching, I like to sit But if I'm delivering content on a stage, I'm standing. And often when I'm working, I'm standing, why there's something about the energy on your feet? It's really different. You think faster. You use your body more often when people are sitting, the energy of conversation is less powerful.

[00:22:59] It's more conversational. The body language sits back into seated positions. People can fold their arms and bring the energy back instead of projecting it forward like you would if you were engaged in a conversation. So, you know, there's a lot of energy, the way people present, the way they sit, the way they stand, the way you temper your voice, The way you use volume, the way you use, you know, a vocal fry, the way you use a quiet whisper. And the way you can bring your voice up and temperate and the way you can calm it and make it very calm and low I once had a well known speaker, come and tell me that she took my videos and took them to a professional speaking coach and said this woman is at the top of our field, and I wanna be like her why is she at the top of the field.

[00:23:55] And this speaker coach wrote a review about me, and this person sent it to me. And I was like, good. How much did that cost? And she was like, oh, $4000. And I said, oh, good.

[00:24:03] And you gave me that whole review, and didn't have to pay for it. So what it came down to was this speaker specifically noticed tone and pitch and speed and cadence of my voice. Like, she specifically said, she's speaking at a certain cadence at a tone and a certain pitch of her voice, it's lower than normal for a woman's voice, which I think strange because they thought they had a high pitched voice. And that is something that really just comes with confidence. But I will say one thing if anybody creates anything with our vocal fry.

[00:24:44] It will only be purchased by people with our vocal fry. And a bug or fry is something that you actually do with your boys, and it's not cool. It's not strong. It's ridiculous. It is the worst voice, and I don't know why girls do it because it's a girl thing mostly, a lot of dudes don't vocal fry, but if you think you can get up in front of people in vocal fry, oh, hell to the big no with your vocal fry.

[00:25:18] I hate vocal fry. I call out vocal fry. It's a young person thing too, which is even worse, I'm 52 and I'm in a meeting and there's a young marketing manager and she's absolutely fabulous and she's got a vocal fry and she starts to vocal fry and I look at her, and I'm like, okay. Now I call it out. Just like, can we, like, know what the vocal fry?

[00:25:43] Do not bring it into professional speaking. Sue, move on. I can't. I'm so annoyed by it. It just makes me crazy.

[00:25:49] I wanna talk about it a little bit more. I'm joking speed enunciation is a big one. I'm from New Zealand, and I needed to slow down how I talk. Because if I speak at the top rate that I talk in my Kiwi accent, nobody would understand me. I don't announce here.

[00:26:05] I don't see it. I don't see my words, and I don't see the last letter. Like, all Americans doing all the Kiwis, Australians, and Brits, and, in the room, just understood me, and all the Americans went, where she's speaking English. It is important that you don't speak too fast. It is important that you enunciate, especially when you have an accent, and it is important when you speak the queen's English that if you're speaking in another country, they're gonna correct your English because it's a different language.

[00:26:33] So just be aware of all those things. And, you know, it's okay to ask people when you're training for feedback around your cadence and pitch around your tone and how you're using your voice, probably one of the biggest things is staying on point If you tell people that this keynote is about empowering you through business, you actually have to talk about empowering business. If you your description is not what's coming out of your mouth, you just died on that stage. If your description is not word for word, what you're speaking about, what you're teaching, what you're giving, and you're creating as a problem, you've got a bait and switch right there, stay on point. I know you're gonna try and put 10 things into that keynote.

[00:27:22] But why don't you just try one one incredible subject that you can just hit home in one powerful presentation. If you're gonna use other people's quotes and other people and people in the audience write down that quote, they might be writing down other people's quotes. Why? Make sure they met it to you and stories are wonderful. Your story is so interesting if it's relevant to this education or this presentation.

[00:27:58] Your story is awesome if it's interesting and entertaining. Your story is so important if it's relevant to what you're teaching. Otherwise, you're just talking about yourself. And I'm paying. It's in that description.

[00:28:20] It's in the clarity. It's because, wait, clarity is marketing. Clarity is everything. It's in the description. What will you learn?

[00:28:28] It's in the description. What will I teach you? It's in the description. This is a sales video content, not how you start a segment. So many people do this.

[00:28:38] They get onto a video or on a live and they go in this live or first they wait for an audience. They go, dumdadoo. Let's wait for the audience. Oh, yeah. Dumdadoo.

[00:28:47] Wow. So all the people that had turned up on time are now waiting for the late ones. And even better when we go to rewatch your live, we have to get through 3 minutes of dum dum dum dum dum dum dum before you start talking. Oh, let's get to the point. So when you start your presentation, you're not gonna start a presentation with what you're going to learn in this presentation, and you gotta read a list of things.

[00:29:13] Start teaching. Start talking. Those who are late will turn up and say, what did I miss? Oh, you can go back and rewatch it. You were late.

[00:29:24] But the people that arrived on time, they're here watching. Stop hanging out in your lives. Get to the point. Stay on point. Get to the point.

[00:29:35] Leave your Q and A till the end. Why? I'm gonna talk. Guys, I'm gonna talk for 20 minutes, and then I'm gonna ask for questions, and then I'm gonna answer all your questions. You can't get a standing ovation on does anybody have any questions?

[00:29:52] That's not how you finish a keynote. You have a crescendo. You have an ending. You have a powerful closing. Then you get a standing Ovation, and then you say, now I'm gonna call for questions.

[00:30:06] Now you can do that a million different ways. If it's a pre presentation, you can ask for the questions beforehand, select the best, and then you can deliver on those. But remember this, when you're talking, if one person stops you to ask a question, you might already have the answer in the keynote coming up. If one person stops you, you've gotta answer that question and start again, and you might be in a real flow, but the most important part is if somebody does want to know something, you're going to put all those questions at the end because then you can finish strong, give all the information can finish strong, get your standing ovation. When you speak to one person, you're not speaking to the other ninety nine people in the room.

[00:30:55] And it's really people are selfish you get a whole lot of quiet people in the room, and you get a whole lot of, like, you know, confident ones. And they're asking the questions, and the quiet ones don't speak at all. And before you know it, you have people dominating the crowd mic, and you're not in control of the room, So to me, define when you want those questions and put them over there, deliver what you have to deliver and then you can go back and answer them. So when I am answering one question, I know when there's thousand people watching me online, and somebody says, how do I do this one thing? I'm only speaking to one person.

[00:31:40] The other 999 are like, she's answering Margaret's question. So you have to understand that when you answer Margaret's question, you're going to give Margaret lots of options. You're gonna say Margaret, you could DIY that yourself. I did. Or you could outsource it.

[00:31:58] I've also done that. Let me give you some options. I also saw Johnny do it this way. Kate do it this way, and that didn't work for me, but it worked for her. And it didn't work for him this way, but you could do it this way and you could also do it this way because that totally works.

[00:32:12] And before you know it, you're answering one question, but you're giving so many good answers that everybody in the room feels like you're answering their question. One of the most powerful things you can do when you start any talk, whether it's a 20 minute instruction, whether it's alive is the first line should be your strongest line and your last line should be the strongest lane and your first ten seconds and your first minute should be powerful indeed. You want a crescendo. You want a strong closing. You want a last line.

[00:32:46] I bow. I can I make it very clear? I'm coming to the end. I'm it's nearly 90 minutes. I'm getting big.

[00:32:53] I've got a big crescendo. I'm moving fast. I'm dropping information. People know I'm I'm getting yawning. When people are yawning in the audience, they cannot take in more information.

[00:33:04] You have given them so much You know? And right at that moment, I'm going to close my keynote and I am going to give myself a final close on that stage. Before I ask for those questions. So it's really important that you don't sell from the stage because people who are being sold to and not being given too, and you just it's stinky. It's so gross, and people see through it so much.

[00:33:30] You don't need to sell you're going to give something on that last slide, you know, and you you don't need to sell. You're giving information. You're giving steps that is selling. They're gonna follow you home. You know?

[00:33:43] I want you to take physical product and ask for a table in an area to sell that product after your talk. It doesn't matter whether you're not getting paid or you're getting a low fee or no fee or they're just covering your travel, your food, your accommodation, and they might not even cover your assistance. It doesn't matter. You're gonna ask for that table and you're gonna get a meet and greet zone. You're gonna get a book sign table.

[00:34:05] Or you're gonna do selfies and anybody in that talk is gonna stay and connect with you afterwards and you're going to sell physical product to them. On that last slide, you're gonna provide a free link to a relevant video for the audience as a gift or a lead generation you're gonna show them where they can stay connected to you on what step to take next to stay connected, you know, and up on that stage, you are going to have somebody in that room taking photos of you for reels for social media. You're going to get some footage shot for your show real, for your speaker trailer for, you can even if you're at a proper event and you are mic'd up, you can go to the audio tech at the back of the room and ask him to pause the audio from the session and give it to you. They'll do it. They'll happily do it.

[00:34:52] They've never said no. They're like, sure. You know, you can get that filmed, and that can be a product to sell online. So usually when somebody else is booking you for these talks, that's all on the fine print. Make sure you know about it.

[00:35:06] And I want to make sure that you understand that any time that you get to stand up as a speaker, you have an opportunity to create a visual keynote and a visual keynote by today's standards of beautiful photography empowering words that it's interesting that you're gonna have so much information on that keynote that people will be listening to you what watching you, writing what's on your keynote, how can they not be so overwhelmed by everything you're giving in that moment? It's so incredible and so powerful. And mostly, Once you start, you'll never want to stop doing it. It's actually something I love doing. I love public speaking, and I love teaching it.

[00:36:02] Okay. That's enough. Enough of our egos. You get it. I know I always have to push through all that fear, but I know you know.

[00:36:10] So let's talk about getting paid now. Because we're making our products and we're launching our speaking brands and we're following our maps, and we're gonna break them down But let's debunk one thing. Let's debunk the artist that can't get paid. Okay? Let's let's sort of let's get around this creator and getting paid as a creator.

[00:36:34] So Don't get artist and creator confused. Oh, this will be interesting. How's she gonna break this down? My sister is an artist, like, truly, madly, deeply. She is masterful.

[00:36:51] And she is deeply entrenched in her artwork. My sister can draw for, like, 14 hours a day. Easy. Artists need management, and they need sales systems. So it's that simple.

[00:37:05] They need salespeople around them. And I even wrote a checklist for monetizing artists because it was so funny. My sister was here a couple of years ago. And I said, oh, well, why don't you monetize that? And she was like, how?

[00:37:21] And so I got out a piece of paper, and I wrote her list and I wrote monetizing artists, and now it's one of our templates. If you want to be an artist, get someone to sell you And if you want to be sustainable, have them build a system around you, because when am I an artist and when am I a business person, and I kind of feel like a creator is both. So let me explain why. When are these 2 in conflict usually around pricing myself? Alright?

[00:37:51] So whenever the artist and the business person is in conflict, it's always around pricing and receiving money for my craft and equal exchange or just you know, putting my price out there. So when I make art for others, it's their rules. I'm being commissioned to create art and I thrived at first. Are you kidding me? I'm getting paid to create this, but years go by and you start to wilt a little bit.

[00:38:18] Because the creator and you needs to evolve and, you know, you're constantly changing how you create and what you create So the business evolves. And then all of a sudden, you're not making art for you anymore. And you're just making art for other people, and that's really difficult because I wanna make art for myself but my business is making art for other people. Oh, no. When I make art for me, I don't get paid.

[00:38:49] So for an artist or a creator, when you're not able to create in your field of genius, you will wilt and you will die. Example, I love taking photographs, but I don't wanna create kind of client portraits anymore. I've been doing that for 34 years, and I don't want to do take client commission work. I wanna create art with my camera. So either monetize my art or I monetize myself in a business in a that means I'm making money while I sleep so I can create art.

[00:39:20] And, also, I don't work I create. I changed that a long time ago. I don't wanna work. I wanna be a creator and a creator and an artist, to me, what I wanna be. So I set my sister down, and I hit her.

[00:39:37] These are eight ways to monetize an artist's income. Number 1, make or sell a product, and you have to sell that at a market. You either have to sell it online or you have to sell it retail or a gallery retail and gallery will take a percentage. The market will cost you because you have to manufacture it, and then you have to rent the space and online will cost you shipping, but usually your client's going to pay for that. So create margins for all of those.

[00:40:03] Number 2, you're going to create print or manufacturer products So that means on a larger scale instead of handcrafted, you might print or manufacture something. You're gonna sell that at market online or retail. Same costs are involved. Manufacturing is a big one. Number 3, commission work.

[00:40:20] You take one client, you get paid money for time, and you create an art piece for them yay. We all start there. Kills us all in the end. Number 4, limited edition. There you go.

[00:40:31] 1 to 100 or whatever. Multiple addition of your artwork. Number 5, you can teach, instruct, speak, present in person, or online in your field. Or any creative field and get paid to do so. Number 6, you could become a product ambassador and get sponsorship for using creative products or craft products that you then teach, instruct, speak, present, or just share online.

[00:40:54] You can create digital products, which are videos, guides, or ebooks, So anything that can be downloaded while you sleep, and you can license content and create content and art for stop libraries. And that is a path to making money, and I laid it out in front of my sister. And I said, Joe, this is the next step because I'm just like, it's easy. It's step up to next step up to next step. And then I put it aside, and I put down the next bit of paper.

[00:41:21] And I was like, these are how basic the steps are. Take an artist. My sister, make a product, her artwork, create a brand name, title description, 303, build a sales system, website, and e commerce, Market the product, social media, easy, it's artwork. Market the brand, social media, manage the artist. Good luck with that.

[00:41:42] Sustainable income, more art. Because with sustainable income, she can create more art. It's so simple. So I look up in my sisters like this. And I was like, I just gave you the keys to the kingdom.

[00:42:05] And she said, I don't wanna do any of that. So as I'm pelting her with paths to income, I can see that she's wilting because my sister is an artist, but my nephew, who is a computer science major, was like me. I could see him seeing the systems. I was watching him see the systems just floating around him like the queen's gambit. And I stopped talking to my sister, and I started talking to my nephew.

[00:42:47] Because all of a sudden, I could see him getting lit up. So I walk him through the whole system, and I say, that's how you create a business, that's how you monetize someone. You can literally take that model with any creator and build the system around them, and you're getting paid to create a business and that artist is getting paid. I'm a creative. Yes.

[00:43:17] I am. I'm okay with calling myself an artist. I'm crafty. I'm Artie. I create, I draw, I photograph, I illustrate, I design, I make things, I feel more comfortable with being a creator than an artist.

[00:43:31] Because I create systems and I create income and I create education and I was I just looked at her, and I was like, we're different, her and I. We really are. She truly is an embodies and artist. So I realized there is no way my sister will take any of those steps, and I took all of them. And that's why I made 1,000,000 of dollars, and she did not And just in that moment, I was like, are we made different?

[00:43:58] Yeah. We are. We have different skill sets, but people call me an artist, and I compare myself to her. I'm not an artist. I'm a creator, and I'm okay with that.

[00:44:09] And when I started to teach to him, teach him and talk to him about building those systems and seeing the systems and finding my way through each system and finding my value in those systems and watching them make money so that I could be free to create every day that I could wake up every day and just create because I was free because my income freed me to do so. Know your strengths and outsource the rest if you don't wanna build a system build, get somebody to build it around you. In 1989, I was eighteen years old. I just wanted to be a paid artist. I couldn't think of anything I wanted to be.

[00:44:45] My mother was an artist. My sister was an artist, and I just wanted to be a paid artist. So I started being an artist, and I was getting $7000 a year. By 1993, I found that I wanted to be a a paid photographer. I'd already been practicing.

[00:44:59] I wanted to be a paid photographer, and that's all I wanted. I wanted it more than anything in the world. And I was getting around $13,000 a year. By 2001, I wanted to be freelance. I wanted to not have the shackles of a boss By 2003, I wanted my own studio.

[00:45:15] By the time I got to 2003 and built an entire business around me, including a business partner in employees and systems. My little business was making a $1,000,000 a year, and I was still only making 50 to a 100,000 in personal income. And then by the time I built all of that and realized what I'd created, I started to teach that business model in 2009 And for 3 years, I traveled the world and I taught in person workshops and I beta tested the content and I practiced it and beta tested and practiced it. And I stood up on stage and I gave and I gave and I gave and I didn't stop giving until my name grew in the industry and my audience grew and my income just kept growing, and it kept growing, and it kept growing. And in 2012, I wanted to teach online because I couldn't stop curating content because I was watching you develop it, and I was watching you grow with it.

[00:46:12] And I just keep growing more and more and more and my income grew again. And I made a goal to make $23,000 a month, my bottom line, and I keep growing, and I keep growing in 2015. I built my own platform. And it wasn't until 2015 that I created my first $1,000,000 in personal income. Not through my business.

[00:46:35] And in 2021, I sold that business. Since 22, I have been working on curator building self value platform. I create content. I have a subscription. I have 2 active podcasts.

[00:46:50] And what I love the most about teaching and developing content still is now I do this at home in my pajamas my income is anywhere from $250,000 to $400,000 a year. I create when I want, I don't work. And that, by my definition, is a paid artist, and that's all I ever set out to be. There's a chunk of that story in the middle there, that involved 15 hour work days, 4 hours sleep, and a whole lot of herself care and neglect, but, you know, one of the things you learn is you don't have to hustle to be successful. Value is not hustle.

[00:47:34] Value is when you infuse something with value, you feel it inside you give with value, you connect with value, and you manage and balance that with value in an equal exchange of value. You're not burning out because you're getting paid well, and you're balancing yourself well, hustle culture is dead. This value, self value business, is when we value ourselves, our products, and our clients so much, and we're connected in every single way. I don't work, I create, and it's such a simple concept. But if you start to say it, it changes everything.

[00:48:14] I write content. I develop content. I make content. I create content. I create businesses.

[00:48:19] I create work. Work is just such a loaded word Alright. This is where we talk about pricing and margins because you know what? Margins is where you actually get paid. And I love watching people start a business when they first work out that this thing that they're selling, the service that they offer, or this product that they're selling comes with margins, and it's really simple.

[00:48:45] Let's say you're a graphic designer and you're going out on your own, And in order to design a logo, you charge $1500 to design the logo. And you've got your contract and everything. It's gonna be $1500. Let's say that logo takes you a certain amount of time. It takes 3 or 4 days to create and then you get you give the invoice and you get the $1500.

[00:49:09] I love it that everybody when they first start business thinks that they can take that $1500 and go and spend it. And I teach people that you're gonna break it into 3 areas. 1 1 third is going into a bank account for taxes. And insurance. The middle one is paying you, and this one over here is going back to the business to make more products.

[00:49:32] And that's what I call a 33, 33, 34 rule. I can talk more about that in the coaching. This is just a very basic system. So when you're pricing yourself, you have to price yourself with that margin in mind. That's what COGS means.

[00:49:47] It's actually the cost of goods sold. So how much does it cost you to make this product? And that includes your time. Once you work that out, you then have to take the margin off it, so the profit margin off it. So once you really teach people how to price themselves, and so that you can be sustainable, they're absolutely shocked because that graphic designer that got that $1500 is probably just come from a wage where they didn't even get $1500.

[00:50:19] So to them, they're rolling in money, and then they don't get another job for 3 more weeks, or they don't get another job for 3 more months. And then they realize that that income has to be sustainable for their business, for their tax and for themselves. So when it comes to pricing digital products, what is a digital product worth? Because if my coaching is worth $3000 and your coaching is worth $30,000, then what's the metric? There isn't one.

[00:50:56] Who is the metric? Who is the value metric here? Only the people looking at you wanting you to be their coach. It you know, pricing is one of those things. When I came up as a speaker in the photo world, everyone was like, how much do you charge?

[00:51:12] How much do you charge? How much do you charge? How much do you charge? It was the number one question So back in 2012, I identified that nobody in my industry was setting a standard and saying this is the industry standard of a professional you should be charging this much starting rate. So I set that industry standard.

[00:51:31] I set it because nobody else was, and I thought, I wonder why everyone is like, going so, yeah, I can tell you how much a workshop sells for. Most workshops sell between $79.99. If it's small, I'm talking 4 to 6 videos, and other ones, 10 plus sell from 199 to usually 299 or, around 299 or 399 as a a price point, starting point, and then they make it a lot cheaper for sale, but that doesn't mean that's the industry standard that pretty much what most classes go for around that sort of product. So you start looking at the product you're creating, looking at what the industry is charging around that product that you're creating, but before you even set a price, is the margin good for you because it's not good for you, you're not getting paid. So I don't really care what other people are charging.

[00:52:26] I care what feels good for you. So I kind of reverse engineer it. And, you know, a lot of instructors say, how do you price your stuff? How do you price your workshops? And I always go, oh my gosh.

[00:52:37] Like this. How do you make a $1,000,000 in a year, right, you get 5000 people to buy a product for 200 bucks, or you have 5000 people pay $17 a month. That's how. You get 2000 people can buy a $500 product, and you've made a million bucks, or have them pay $42 a month. A thousand people can buy a product for a $1000 or pay $83 a month.

[00:53:05] 1000 people pay $83 a month. You made a million bucks. 500 people buy a $2000 product and or pay 167 per month. 300 people buy a $3333 product or pay $278 a month. It's simple.

[00:53:22] Now let's review from reverse engineer when I created 28 days, the coaching series for photographers, and I launched a video for 28 days video, 28 videos for 28 days, you could watch for free and live every day. So what would make you wanna buy it? If you could watch it for free, it would be so good you'd wanna rewatch it. Well, number 1. Number 2, you might not be able to see it live every day for 28 days.

[00:53:51] So you saw just enough to know that you wanted to buy it, and they sold it for a $199. I knew that's what they'd sell it for. So I went into creating the content for that, knowing those numbers. My intention was set My goal was to be the 1st $1,000,000 workshop for creative life. I set that intention when I pitched the class to them, to the boys and at the end of the month, so we filmed for 28 days.

[00:54:20] We released a video every single day, and I did a live every single day for 28 days. And then on the last day, we did a big event, big live broadcast. We had in person audience, thousands of people online. They've been working through this content for a whole month We filmed the final video, and then we set the sale price and said, until midnight, this workshop will be $199, and then it goes back up to 299. So at 9:30 PM, I'm sitting with Craig Swanson, and he's the owner and creator of Creative Live, and he looks at sales numbers, and he knows that a $1,000,000 was my target.

[00:54:59] And he leans over, and he said, Hey. Good effort. You got to $693,000, and that is astronomical. But I look at him and I go, and he said, Hey. It was close.

[00:55:23] And I thought, yeah. But, you know, I kinda did a thing So wake up in the morning. I go to bed. I wake up in the morning, and there's a text from the CEO And it says at 2018 minutes past midnight last night, we had a $1,000,000 in sales. And I wanna know, how did you do that?

[00:55:47] So they called me in to the board, and they break it down, and we did the thing. And I stand up in front of this board, and I said, well, it was kinda simple. You told me you would sell this product for $200. So I created content that I knew 5000 people needed, and then I showed them how to do it. And when they said to me, we it can't be that easy.

[00:56:16] I went I guess the proof's on the numbers. It's not as hard as you think. Get out of the way You're in the way. Get out of the way. Get out of the way.

[00:56:30] It's that simple, simplify it. Give. Give. Give. Simplify it.

[00:56:34] Give. Ask for equal exchange, beta test, grow the content beta test it, develop the content beta test it, practice your content, develop the content, beta test it. I so look forward to talking to you all about pricing for the coaching and the homework. Enjoy your homework this week, and I'll see you for coaching. So you can argue with me about pricing.

[00:57:01] So that you can argue with me that the people in your audience or your town or your state won't pay that or won't pay this that won't pay that, or you can't make this here because somebody else is making it over there and guess what? It has nothing to do with them. And everything to do with you, get out of the way, beta test it, connect with it, feel it, do it, be it, become this thing every single day, make a product of value and share it. That's all you're doing. It's simple.

[00:57:33] And when you can't take the next step, outsource it, find somebody that can find a way, make the best of it. This is Kathy Bryce 101. My mother brought me up to make the best of it, whatever you've got, make the best of it, clear the path, simplify it, stop making it so difficult, stop avoiding certain areas and just get it out there, put it out there, start beta testing it. Now you're not setting it in concrete. You're not launching it.

[00:58:02] You're just testing the content. And the one thing the one thing you've gotta ask every single time you do anything, write anything, why? Why am I doing this? Why? Why this way?

[00:58:16] Why? Why? Why? Cause when you know why, you tell everyone why, and then you can just show everybody your value.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 5 ====
