==== Start of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 03 - Growth Infrastructure & Running Growth  ====

Alright. We talked about how to uncover your growth opportunities by analyzing competitors your industry, your business model, and then really getting into your customers. And from that, you're gonna come up with some growth opportunities. And we'll get into a lot of those and how to break those down and set them up. But first, before we do anything around growth, it's really important to have your marketing structure set up.

So you're ready to capture the traffic and learn from that traffic, meaning get the right data in to see how everything's performing. So what does that mean? We're gonna look at 4 key things. 1st, conversion 101 just around designing a landing page that will convert visitors into subscribers or customers. We'll look at analytics setup as far as must haves, what to do as a minimum viable tech stack before you start growing establish your KPIs key performance indicators.

And then how do we track these KPIs on a week to week basis? Alright. So let's dive in. Alright. Conversion 101.

Alright. You've got a killer product, maybe you're selling something or whatever that is, and you want to start sending traffic to your website to let them know that you exist, website landing page. What should that say? How should you set that up? Here are 4 best practices for designing a landing page that converts.

So one, your main headline should not be about your top future. It be about the main benefit to your users, right? So don't talk about your features. Talk about the problem you're solving or why they're they love your product. Again, use that marketing language we talked about from the customer testimonials and surveys from earlier.

Second thing, The main hero image on your landing page should either be high quality images of your product, high quality videos of your product or service, or the feeling someone has after they've used the thing that you have created. So something that reinforces what makes you so special and why your customers love you. The third thing, a form of social proof so we you let other people say how amazing you are rather than you talking about your own product or brand. That could be in the form of testimonials, logos from partners, logos from press. And again, if you're just getting started out, don't have a lot of US or partners, start with testimonials, put in quotes about what people are saying about you.

The 4th thing you need clearly list or show your main features on your landing page. Again, we talked about the benefit that you have is that main hero section, then below that, you can really talk about exactly what you do, in the features that you offer. And then the last thing, number 5, probably the most important, a very clear call to action on what you want that person to do, what you want that customer to do, and don't just have join now Right? It should be start a free trial, download this ebook, something to get them started. And just to drive this home, I'm gonna pick on our own agency growth it.

And let's look at our landing page to see if we did this right. Alright. So the first thing, the main headline it's in second person. We say you or your, and it's about the benefit they get. So your online business is about to take off.

Alright, Chuck. We got that. Social proof number 2, if we look down here at the bottom, we have logos in of some of our partners. And below on the landing page, we have some quotes as well. So there we go.

We've got that checked off. Talking about our main features, Right here, we say partner with the growth team that's worked with Techstars, startups, and Fortune 500 brands. So we let them know that we're a growth team. And then below the fold here, we talk about, some of the things we do. Number 4, as far as a call to action, we have get started here.

I'd say we could do better with this. Maybe we should say get a free growth audit, download our growth plan. It's something a little bit more enticing to get people to click. So I'll go ahead and flag myself for that one. And then our image, we've got a rocket ship taking off kind of aligns with your business is gonna pit take off I don't know.

This could probably be better, but imaging and photography is expensive and hard. So there we go. So, yeah, so those are kind of the 5 steps on how to design a landing page that converts. Alright. So the next thing I wanna get in to is you've got your landing page set up, you've got your homepage set up.

What analytics do you have set up? So out of the gate, Google analytics It's free. It's powered by Google, which also, kind of powers the web with search. So the data is is pretty good for what you get. And so what you need to do is, create your your Google account and you get this tracking ID, and you get this little snip at a code and you just drop it in the header of your website.

So if you're on WordPress Shopify or something custom, there's plugins for those 2 platforms. And if it's custom, just do it within the header. The second thing I'd want you to do is just because if you're gonna do any advertising, you're probably gonna be doing face and Instagram ads, for a little bit. We look at a lot of big agencies, about 60% of their online spend is going to face her Instagram. So get your Facebook pixel set up.

Create the Google Ad Manager, get your snippet of code for your Facebook pixel. And again, similar to Google Analytics, drop into the header, and there's plugins you can do on Shopify WordPress Square to easily do that or have your developer do it. And the reason why this is important is as you install the Facebook Pixel, it tracks people that did any event on your site from a sign up to a purchase, to a page visit, and then you can retarget them with any Facebook or Instagram ads that do. So so very powerful for retargeting. And then last, and this is more also giving you bonus points.

Here's what happens with so many startups. They start to get traffic from various marketing things that they're doing, and then they ask themselves, how did the traffic get here? What drove that? And because they didn't correctly set up their URLs by campaign, they they don't know exactly what campaign is working is not working. So there is a tool you can use on Google.

If you just Google, Google UTM tracker, can make custom URLs, but I went ahead and made one for you. If you go to your Google doc that I created, you actually have a custom URL builder here. So all you have to do is drop in your URL, say the source of this traffic. Maybe you're doing a Facebook ad or Google ad. Put the medium, you know, if it's social or referral and then put the campaign name.

Right? So if it's Facebook, you could put Facebook video, you could put video campaign campaign launch campaign, whatever it is, and then you have these custom URLs. And the great thing about this is you go into Google and you look at the campaign name, you can easily see what, URLs drove in the right traffic. So you become very, very informed as a marker with URL tracking. So these are the three things I would do when getting the analytics set up.

Google analytics, Facebook, Pixel, and start creating your custom URL so you can use that whenever you're making ad campaigns or URLs. Okay. You've got people coming in. Your analytics are set up. What KPIs do you care about?

I wanted to break this down by, 2 things, industry and then also, metrics in general for marketers. So here are metrics to look at by your industry. So if you are an e commerce, what I would care about out of the gate is you know, what is the conversion rate for email sign up? Is that over 5% or 10% if you're doing a content upgrade? What is my shopping cart abandonment rate?

Is that under 70% as far as people abandoning their carts? And then customer acquisition costs and the lifetime value. What are those numbers? Is the customer acquisition costs under 30% of the life time value. Average order price, how much are people spending at checkout?

Is that over 3 or $300 $50 depending on your industry? So, yeah, so these are some of the numbers I'd be looking at as an e commerce company. If I have a content site, what metrics do I care about? Page views per visit, are they reading more than one blog post, time spent on the site? Are they watching the full 5 minute video?

Are they browsing to other things? Page depth, if you are writing long form content over a 1000 words, are they reading the entire blog post. And if not, how can you put in bullet points, numbers, images to make sure they they stay with you all the way through? And maybe you want comments. How many comments are you getting proposed?

Community community and social media platforms, your metrics are all around community engagement and community actions from ratings and up votes and responses and mentions. Some of your KPIs will be baked into that. And last, SaaS Software as a Service. What metrics do you care about? You care about churn rate, how many people start a trial or start a paid account with you, and then leave.

You usually want that to be under 2% every month, If not, you might wanna look at your product and see why these people keep leaving at a high rate. Monthly recurring revenue is your booking more and more accounts, what is that MRR, trial activation rate, people that are doing the trial, what percentage of those are converting, right? Is that over 40%? Is it below that? Just to get an idea how you can improve the trial to convert people to paid.

And time to close, from the time someone visits your website to actually activating them, to get an account, how long does that take? Do you have to do a webinar to make that happen, go through an email onboarding campaign, get on the phone with him. How can you, close that time to try and do that in 7 days or 14 days? Okay. So just some KPIs to consider based on industry.

And now let's talk about how to track them. So reporting metrics for marketers I put in probably the top 5, looking at cost per acquisition, how much do you get a lead, how much do you get a customer? With ads, you're looking at click through rate and cost per click. And then, obviously, overall return on investment. Know, with our AdWords campaigns, we're wanting to see an ROI over 300% and same with Facebook ads.

So, you know, spending a dollar and and making 3. Okay. And then one last kind of rule of thumb, and I, I try and do this every time I'm looking at my dashboards and looking at tricks, but I do these checks. When I look at the numbers, ask myself, okay, what are the numbers today? How are they trending from last week, last month, last quarter, last year, are we trending up or down?

And then I break it down further into segments. So to give an example on that, let's say we're looking at conversion rate for an e commerce company, and let's say the average is 2 a half percent. It's fairly respectable But as I break it down by segment, I see that, okay, it's trending up on traffic from organic search. That's great. It's was at 2%.

Now it's at 4%. It's trending up on email, but then when I break it down by mobile and desktop, I see that desktops very healthy, but mobile conversion rate is 1% or 0.5%. Okay. That makes me wanna run some experiments on mobile and maybe the paid ad campaigns, it's been flatlining at about 1.4% conversion rate. So by doing these checks, by seeing how things are trending and breaking it down by segment, it quickly make makes me look at the data from a different perspective and figure out how I can impact that with various marketing and growth ideas.

Alright. So we talked about KPIs and getting that MVP of your tech stack, your minimum viable tech stack set up. And at the end of this, I'm going to go into detail on the tech stack I would recommend for you, but this those were the basics as far as analytics to measure. Now let's talk about how to run growth. You've got product market fit.

You know the customers you want to go after. Your analytics are ready to go. It's time to grow. So what do we do? Well, first, we'll talk about the growth team scorecard on using a data driven way to prioritize what you're doing as far as the initiatives you're running, how to know where you should focus, how to structure your growth team, how to structure your meetings, and how to structure your So we're gonna get very, very detailed on running a growth process.

So first, make your gross scorecard. What does this mean? It's it's very simple, as the founder of a business or as the lead marketing person on a team, you're gonna have a 1,000,000 different ideas on how to impact your revenue goals and write all these ideas whether it's using a spreadsheet or Trello, wherever tool it is, write these ideas down. But then this is the important thing. You need to actually scored them based off of 2 things.

1 is how big of an impact this growth idea or tactic will have on our main KPIs or on our growth goals. In doing on scale, 1 to 5, 5 being biggest impact, 1 being lowest impact Second thing, rate these on a skill of ease of implementation, how easy is this to get done? 5, this is easy to do. I got this. I can do this in 30 minutes.

One is, okay, this is gonna be hard. I need a designer. I need a videographer to make this video campaign. And then total this score up. And again, this is BASC not golf, we want, the higher the scores, the better.

In this way, you allow, not the ideas, but the score of these ideas to drive what you should prioritize as a growth team or as a marketer. And, again, this is so important important to use this. That way the numbers are always driving your actions. So how to manage this? I there's a lot of great project tools out there from Asana to Trello.

I love Trello, very user friendly, very visual, and this is from Rob Sobers, and you can actually download this exact temp it at his blog and then growth hacking Trello template, but this is the one we use where we have a backlog different ideas that we want to run and even brainstorm ideas. And then you start to build up a pipeline of what you as a team should focus on and do this in order of impact, how you scored them before. And then once you start to put these live, here are the ones that you're designing, you're working on, And then once you implement it and put it live, move it to this section of Trello, to that column. And the great thing about this is you can jump into Trello at any moment, see exactly what the whole team is focusing on. So that that's why I like it.

It allows me to swoop in and out and understand what's going on. And as far as making an idea database, we do this in Google Sheets, very simple, where we actually list out every single idea, and we put it by category so we can see where this would have an impact. And I actually gave you all a 100 growth marketing ideas that's in this format. That way you never feel like you don't have enough ideas to grow your business. So it's on you though to prioritize what are the right ones for your business, to work on right now?

Alright. So you've got the project management tool for managing growth. You've built up all these ideas. You have scored them as far as what you think love the biggest impact. Another way to figure out on where to focus is, where can I have the biggest impact?

And hopefully your score will do that, but also look at it from the perspective of where in the funnel should I be focused? Should you be up here at the top of the funnel It's like, hey, nobody knows about us. We've gotta, like, let people know we exist. So do top of the funnel, or maybe people are coming to your site but the conversion rate is really low. So we can have the biggest impact if we focus on bottom of the funnel, you know, running different conversion experiments putting social proof on the website, doing free trials, getting people to go from a browser to a buyer.

The other thing is what growth ideas can you do that are free versus paid? Depending on your business model, that can dictate what you can do. We'll get to that in a second. This third one, it might be the most important. What should you focus on that will give you the fastest feedback right now?

So that means what experiment could you run will where you will learn something in the next couple days? Because the more you're learning, the more you can iterate and get better and better and improve. And then lastly, on where to focus, what segment of users can you focus on that'll have the guess impact. So you might be getting a lot of people to your site, but it's 10% or 20% of those people that actually turn into customers that are spending the most money with you, how can you add value to that 20% to get them to spend more money with you or to extend, the the kind of wallet share you're getting from them. You see this a lot with e commerce companies where, you know, 80% of the revenues from 20% of the people.

So maybe it's doing a VIP program, giving them early access, doing a subscription model for them, to really, you know, kinda maximize how much you can capture from them. The other thing is wanna figure out where to focus, let your business model drive your actions, right, from so if you're making a lot of money, let's say you have a SAS company with healthy margins, you're able to invest more of that money back into marketing. That means you can do search engine marketing, Facebook ads, LinkedIn ads, retargeting ads, or branding ads. If you're not profitable yet, you haven't raised money and you're unable to kind of maximize a spend, then you need to focus on free channels if you don't have an ad That means doing search engine optimization, optimize your site for the right keywords, building up an email list and nurturing it email marketing, content marketing, building an SEO driven content strategy. And last being scrappy, maybe it's doing a lot of email outreach community building, offline events to really get people to know you exist.

Okay. How you structure your team? As we look at your growth team, I think there's some roles that are must haves for how you should structure it. So first, you need a growth lead or a product manager. This person is the one who owns.

I have it here. One metric that matters OMTM They own the metric that you have decided is the one they need to focus on. That could be, visits to the site. That could be email, sign ups, purchase conversion rate, subscription conversion rate, whatever that is, but they're laser focused on impacting that metric. The next thing, you want marketing specialists on the team, that can execute on all these ideas you've listed in your gross scorecard.

That could be a copywriter, an SEO specialist, a designer, pay per click specialist, people that can move fast on your ideas. And if you have the luxury, have a data analyst on there to analyze all the data, see what's working, what's not working. And because this is, a digital world, you wanna have designers and developers, on the ready that can help execute on these ideas. And that might mean that you're sharing these resources with other teams or their freelancers, but you want to be able to execute on all of your growth ideas with your growth team. Okay.

How do you structure your week as a growth marketer? Well, I think it's really important to be disciplined in how you're executing your experiments. So this is a framework from ladder IO on how they run their So Mondays are day to days. Get into the data, see what's working with your experiments, and that's important because then it allows you to go into Tuesday to plan what you should be executing on as a marketing team. And once you plan, you go into Wednesday you have to get approval, maybe you're the one approving it or there's an executive or a VP or a CEO that has to prove the ideas, Thursdays, you actually execute on these.

And Fridays, you're still executing, but this is maybe the most important thing. Even if it's as as little as 20 minutes or 2 hours, dedicate time to understanding what are some cutting edge ideas that are going on in growth marketing. That could be going to growthhackers.com to read case studies. If you're launching a new app, go to the apps see what are the top performing apps play with their onboarding. If you're designing new landing pages, look at some fast growing startups see what experiments they're running on their landing page, or if you're doing a lot of Facebook ads, go to the Facebook ad blog or John Lumer's blog to see some new kind of ideas and best practices, because the digital landscape moves so fast.

It's so easy to fill overwhelmed and, like, you're behind the the curve. But if you dedicate a little bit of time to understanding what's going on and what other people are doing, you'll actually start to build up your confidence. And most importantly, you'll have more ideas for Tuesdays when you're trying to plan different things you should do. So I think a little bit goes goes a long way in how to structure your meetings. It would be the most boring slide ever for me to tell you how to structure your meetings.

But, I put a framework in here for you all that you can try and use, but it's all about using data to drive your actions and from that data coming new experiments, quantifying the impact of those and then delegating them, to try and get as many experiments going as fast as possible.

==== End of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 03 - Growth Infrastructure & Running Growth  ====
