==== Start: Growth Marketing Clinic Eventbrite Page  ====

Thursday, August 29
Growth Marketing Clinic: What’s Blocking Your Growth?
Is your business growing as it should? Great marketing isn’t magic—it’s understanding the system. Let’s uncover it for your business!

By EO Seattle
Thursday, August 29 · 12 - 4pm PDT
Location: Columbia Tower Club

Refund Policy: Refunds up to 7 days before event

Event lasts 4 hours

Is your business growing as fast as it should? Great marketing isn't magic; it's understanding the system for scaling. Let’s uncover how to unlock the next phase of growth for your business.

Do you feel like your business could be growing faster but can't pinpoint the block? Perhaps you're seeing some growth, but it's not as fast, predictable, or profitable as you’d hoped. Maybe you’ve hit a marketing plateau with no clear path to scaling up. If any of this sounds familiar, you’re not alone. Let’s dive into some of the common obstacles that might be holding your business back.

Join Jim Huffman to identify and dismantle the barriers to your business's growth. Through interactive discussions, tailored exercises, and actionable insights, you'll learn to refocus your strategies and ignite scalable growth.

Key Takeaways:

- Identify and Tackle Growth Blockers: Pinpoint specific issues stalling your business growth using Jim’s strategic frameworks.

- Craft Compelling Value Propositions & Offers: Learn how to create a compelling Go-To-Market offer that truly differentiates your company in a crowded market.

- Achieve Non-Linear Growth: Are you focused on opportunities that could help your business grow by 10% or by 10X? Get the toolkit to break growth records at your company.

- Calendar Growth for Predictable Sales: Design a 12-month growth calendar that maintains momentum while navigating seasonal trends.

Jim Huffman, CEO of GrowthHit, brings a wealth of experience, having helped generate over $250 million in sales for clients ranging from startups to Fortune 500 companies. An acclaimed author and marketing teacher at Techstars and the Association of National Advertisers, Jim has taught growth marketing to brands like Intuit, Procter & Gamble, Sephora, Edward Jones, and more. Jim’s practical advice stems from real-world successes and deep analytical expertise. Ready to get a taste of the strategies that propelled brands like Labster to $100M in funding or Format to acquisition by Private Equity? Don’t miss out on tapping into Jim’s invaluable insights at this one-of-a-kind clinic.

The Seattle EO chapter has long been one of the largest and most successful in the US. Currently numbering 180+ members, EO Seattle companies employ over 11,000 people and have revenue of US$1.57 billion. Our industries range from analytics and architecture, to consulting and construction, to financial services and fitness, to restaurateurs and real estate. Name an industry, Seattle businesses in those fields lead our chapter.


==== End: Growth Marketing Clinic Eventbrite Page  ====
