==== Start of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Chapter 10 - SELF-HELP: Shut Up and Grow  ====

10
SELF-HELP: Shut Up and Grow
“The things you regret most in life are the risks you didn’t take.” —Farhan Masood, technology investor
 

Congrats, you made it to the end (or you skipped ahead).

Regardless, you’re here and you have this book. Now it’s time to get started and put the tips from this book into action.

Whether you’re a founder or looking to get into growth marketing, take the first step and start applying the ideas in this book to your company or a side project. Don’t make excuses. Excuses are momentum killers.

To help get those out of your system, here is a list of every possible excuse you might use. Let’s get this over with right now.

Excuses Checklist

Not enough experience
Not enough time
Not smart enough
Not a business person
Too old
Too young
Don’t have a partner
Not technical
I have a kid
I don’t have enough money
I don’t have the resources
I don’t live in San Francisco
I’m waiting for the idea to come to me in my dreams
It’s easy to say that you’re working hard or that you’re busy working on the idea, but are you really? Are you focused on the one thing that can have the biggest impact on growth? Are you executing a plan that can have a big impact?

Or are you living in email chains going back and forth on your new logo. Are you sitting on the couch with your laptop, about to work . . . but you’ve had Breaking Bad on for two hours?

You can do this regardless of your situation in life. Some of the best companies were built by people at the “wrong age” and with the “wrong background.” If these people can do it, you can too.

Ralph Lauren dropped out of school to join the army and then worked as a clerk at Brooks Brothers. He started his fashion line, and is now worth $6.4 billion.
Don Won Chang moved to America and his first job was as a gas station attendant. He founded Forever 21 and is now worth $5.4 billion.
John Paul Dejoria was in foster care as a child and lived in his car while selling shampoo door to door. He’s the founder of Patrón tequila and the Paul Mitchell line of hair products. Today, he’s worth $3.2 billion.
Howard Schultz grew up in a housing complex for the poor in New York City. He’s the CEO of Starbucks and worth $2.9 billion.
American author, financial advisor, motivational speaker, and television host Suze Orman was a waitress until the age of 30. Now she’s worth $25 million.
Manoj Bhargava was a taxi driver until the age of 30. He then went on to launch the 5-Hour Energy drink and is worth over $1.5 billion.
Don’t make excuses. Keep pushing yourself and always continue learning.

Hungry for more knowledge?

There are so many great books out there around startups, growth, digital marketing and launching a product. Consider this list for your continued education:

What to Read

The Viral Startup by Andrew Chen
Traction by Gabriel Weinberg
Lean Analytics by Ben Yoskovitz and Alistar Croll
The Viral Loop by Adam Penenberg
Launch by Jeff Walker
Growth Engines by Sean Ellis
Hooked by Nir Eyal
The Ultimate Sales Machine by Chet Holmes
What Great Brands Do by Denise Lee Yohn
Hacking Growth by Morgan Brown and Sean Ellis
GrowthHackers.com
Paul Graham’s Essays blog
Neil Patel’s blog
First Round Capital Review
Rob Sobers blog
What to Watch

How to Start a Startup: Alex Schultz, head of growth at Facebook
Noah Kagan’s YouTube Channel
Marketing Hell Week by 500 Startups on YouTube
Conversion Funnels by ClickMinded (video course)
Podcasts to Listen To

Startup Grind
The Growth Show
Seeking Wisdom
Growth Everywhere
Traction by NextView
a16z Podcast
The Startup Chat
Startups for the Rest of Us
The secret to growth is not uncovering some new tactic or hack. It’s having a product or service that people love, and understanding the customer so well that you know how to speak to them and where to speak to them. It’s about being disciplined and focused in your pursuit for sustainable growth.

The best growth strategies don’t necessarily come from the smartest marketers. They come from the relentless founders or marketers who truly understand their customer the best. If you focus on that, then you’re starting growth the right way.

==== End of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Chapter 10 - SELF-HELP: Shut Up and Grow  ====
