==== Start of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 02 - Ready for Growth & Growth Opportunities  ====

Okay. I wanna talk about how to know if you're even ready for growth. It's so easy to wanna be off to the races and start doing some growth tactics and running growth, and we're gonna get into all of that pretty soon. But before you start doing that, let's really get into how to know you're ready. And so many early stage startups I work with, they they have this problem or they just want to start growing, but they still need to focus on that product development phase of really solving a problem for people or creating a product or service, that people truly want or need to have.

So Let's do that. And then once we do that, we'll get into all the fun case studies and tactics and whatnot. So how do you know you're ready for growth? Alright. Well, first, you need to ask yourself some questions.

Do you have a product that's even worthy of marketing? Cause if not, good marketing will just help you run out of money, even fast rather than bad marketing. The second thing, do you have product market fit? We'll get into what that means because I know people throw that phrase around a lot, but let's talk about what that really And then third, this is another way. I like to simplify things.

I'm a very simple person that isn't necessarily mean dumb, just simple. Do customers love your product, or do they just like your product? Are you creating, you know, vitamin or aspirin? Are you really solving a problem, or is it just a nice to have? Is it a must have or a nice to have?

So let's get into some ways to figure out how you can do that and actually quantify if you have product market fit. Alright. So first, what is product market fit? Product market fit means being in a good market with a product can satisfy that market. So in other words, are there people demanding that this product or service even exist?

Because you could be the best tailor in the world, have the best raw materials, but if you're making tuxedos for cats, there's probably not a massive appetite for it out there. I could be very wrong. But you've got to create something for a market that actually needs it. So, have you figured that out? Have you uncovered that?

And other ways to look at how to know if you should focus on growth is are you actually solving a problem, or you're just creating, as we mentioned, something that's nice to have. And if you are solving a problem, are you 10 x better than the next best option, because a lot of times you can make something that's a little bit better than the existing competitors, but it's a, if it's not significant, people won't switch. There's a high switching cost when people are deep into certain products. We talked about if it's a vitamin or an aspirin, net promoter score Do you have a strong net promoter score? And what that means simply is how likely is someone to recommend your product or service to a friend?

And this is a metric a lot of VC Firms or investors look at early on, because maybe you don't have the scale, or the growth rate they wanna but if you have a very small audience that's very passionate about what you're doing, where they're telling everybody about it, so you have a high net promoter score, then they're very interested and very intrigued. I see a lot of VCs actually wanting to talk to customers, of these early stage companies to really see if they're hitting on something. And then the last thing is the 40% test. And Sean Ellis of growthhackers.com does this a lot. And it's very simple.

You send a one question survey to your email list or to your existing customers, and you ask them, how would you feel if you could no longer use this product or this service. And again, this is an example for buffer. And if over 40% of the people say they'd be very disappointed if this went away, then you're on to something. Because if 10% of the people are like, I don't care. I'll use a competitor, then you might need to figure out what you can do.

To make yourself special or different. Okay. So these are ways. The last two MPS scored, the 40% test, to quantify if you have product market fit. And the thing I wanna talk about is why do they love your product?

So if you have product fit. If you have something worth marketing, that means there is this group of customers that love your product or share, say, love what you do. So let's talk about what we need to do when that happens. So first, why do they love you? What are the exact words they're using?

Not the words you use as the founder or as a marketer, What are the words the customer uses, whether it's like slang or how they're pitching it to friends, whenever they're talking about it at a crowded bar? So what are they saying? What are the exact words? And how are you positioned against competitors? So it might not even be why you're great, but why you're different from the alternative?

So for example, Uber. Someone can be like, you know, I love Uber because I press a button on my phone and a black car shows up or a car shows up. What's the alternative to that at the time? You know, Lyft wasn't around yet. It was it's much better than standing out in the rain trying to hail a yellow cab and getting wet.

So why do people love it? Usually, you can distill it down to a quick pitch, you know, something that you can say, in one sentence. Alright. So first, what are the exact words they use? Why do they love you?

Is it a problem that you're solving? Maybe you had this really big pain point and you've taken that away. This is an example, a B2B example, blue tick, it's a SaaS tool, software as a service, where you pay a fee to use their email outreach tool. And the problem they solve is email outreach is very time consuming to do it manually. Their solution, and this is how they pitch it is.

It's like having a thousand people doing one an email follow-up for you. The thing I like about this, it's kind of fun and easy to remember. It's like you have a 1,000,000 assistance helping you. And so keeping it very, very simple and easy to repeat as people are evangelizing it and talking about why they love it. Okay.

So you solved a problem. How are they talking about that problem? The second is, what is the benefit to them using the words you. Why do you love this product? Why do the customers love it?

So this is creolesence. It's a beauty product, for women with curly hair. And people love this so much because of what it does to their hair, this transformation, they're actually posting videos and how to guides on how to use it and they're doing it for free. So, the benefit is really how it's making them look and feel. So, building that into your marketing campaign, knowing that people love this for benefits.

Really honing in on that to to amplify and make it special and something that resonates with every The other thing, they might love you because not because of your product or how they feel, but because of the experience you've created around something, for particularly in e commerce. This is it's so hard to compete with Amazon or all the other competitors out there. How can you create a new experience? That people get excited about. So, Warby Parker, they really kinda disrupted how people buy glasses online because people want to try on a 1,000,000 at a time, see how they look.

So they did the home try on program where they send you 5 pairs, try them on. You keep one if you like it, send the rest back send them all back, but it's free of charge. And this got people talking. It's like, Hey, I got to try on 5 different pair of glasses, and I didn't have to leave my couch. So something that people love and will tell their friends about.

And people might also love you just because of the mission that you're about. You know, Tom's is a very famous one where when people are talking about this to a friend, yes, they're like, oh, these shoes are great. They're very comfortable, but usually they're saying, the phrase 1 for 1, where you buy a pair and give a pair to someone in need. And Tom's has done a great job, with all of their branding reinforcing the mission of the company and the brand. And you've seen a lot of other companies follow suit doing this, the same business model.

Alright. So we figured out why people love your product or service, and you've heard the exact language they're using. If it's because of the benefit the problem you're solving, the experience, the mission, whatever that is. So take that language and turn that into your marketing copy. Why they love you.

And it's so important whether it's testimonials or those keywords they're focusing on to use that in your marketing language, because that's essentially the language you're passionate customers are using when they're spreading the words, you might as well use it too. So turn the language of your customers into marketing copy. Now, I wanna unpack that a little bit more. Here's some exercises you can do to figure out what is that pitch and what is the language that they're going to use and really try to distill it down. So this formula, it's kind of an elevator pitch formula, and I did it for the brand universal standard that makes size inclusive fashion.

So here's the formula, but I'll just read it out for the company. So for women, size 6 or above that are into fashion, who are looking for elevated looks for the wardrobe, universal standard is a premium plus size brand, and actually that should be size inclusive brand, that sells direct to consumers offering the highest quality products and best prices, but unlike other plus size fashion brands, universal standard will replace your clothes if your size goes up or down within a year. So it shows who the audience is, why the audience likes them, and then how they're uniquely positioned against the competition. In that last line, I think so important because you have to understand why you're different from everybody else out there. Okay.

Let me give you another option. For figuring out your elevator pitch. This one's a little bit more concise and, a little more simple. So there's a lot of different formulas for pitching your company or pitching, whether that's to investors, potential customers, or, I don't even potential employees. So you have the problem solution 1.

You've got association, benefit focus, question and answer, and origin story. Problem solution can be really nice, you know, because like, you know, for example, Uber, it could be, don't you hate waiting in the middle of the street trying to hail a taxi with Uber, press a button, wait inside until your car pulls up. Association would be like, Oh, we're like Uber, but for bicycles or for scooters. Benefit focused. This is when you're using second per So make it all about the customer and say the word you, right?

So, Shazam, an app that tells you exactly the song that is playing on the radio right now. And the question and answer is kinda similar to problem solution. But use these formulas for your company, and see which one resonates the most. And it's a good exercise, especially as you're trying to build out marketing copy for ads, for landing pages, for email, or whatever it be. Okay.

You're ready for growth. We've talked about product market fit Now, let's uncover your growth opportunities. Before we start doing what everyone else is doing, whether that's Facebook ads or trying to make a viral video, Let's really get into what you should be doing, based on your industry and your business model. So that's what we're gonna do. We're gonna look at growth opportunities based on 4 things.

Looking at your competitors, doing, a technical analysis, looking at your industry, what are the common pain points there, looking at your business model, and then most important, looking at your customers. So if we can understand all four of these, you're going to be able to have a head start on your entire growth initiative. Okay. So, in looking at your competitors, I want to know traffic I want to know where are they getting traffic from and what their ads look like and what are their top referral sources, what are their top social channels? So, there's a tool called similar web, which is pretty powerful.

There's some other competitors to it out there. But if you type in a URL, like, for example, I did marine layer, which is a men's clothing brand, and right here shows us, you know, the where they're getting their traffic from. They're getting a lot from search 40%. So I'd be very curious what keywords are they ranking for. Maybe it's men's shirts, men's pants, maybe it's hoodies, whatever that is, wanting to see what's really driving that.

And this tool allows you to see the the keywords they're bidding for with search engine marketing and then the keywords they're getting organically from search engine optimization. So they're not paying any money for it. And if you want to go deeper on that on, the SEO analysis, I would look at SEM Rush, and I would look at Spy Food. Those are 2 other really good tools. Okay.

So you can see where they get the traffic. And if you dig deeper on this, you can see the actual social channels that are working for them. And actually Reddit is a big one. So something to to check out. Okay.

We wanna know about the ads. What do their ads look like? What language are they using and where are they putting their So you can use a combination of similar web, Mote, and SpyFu to actually see the ads of your competitors. So you see what they're pushing and where putting them. So with Banobas, what's interesting here is, okay, we see that they're doing a lot of promos and discounts 20%.

Okay, if we do discounts, we know we gotta do that to compete. But they're very big on a better fit. You know, men's wear focused on a better fit. Your perfect fit is waiting. Okay.

I would then want to go deeper to their website see what all they're doing around fit, what makes them special, because if that's our value proposition as well, we've got to figure out how we differentiate. Or maybe it's something else. Maybe it's because we're made in America or whatever that is. But really see their messaging and where they're doing their ads. Okay.

Email marketing. You're getting all these customers to come in. How many emails should you send? What should it like, how much should be content, promotions, versatile product launches. With a tool like Mailcharts, you can actually see, exactly how many emails they're sending per week, the most popular day for sends, and then examples of those most recent emails.

So it's a good way to give you a head start as you build out your email marketing strategy. Okay. And this one might be the most important is take your top 5 competitors, go to their homepage that is free, and then type in their brand name in a search and click the top ad, and see what their message is. Whenever you get to that home screen or that landing page, what are they trying to do? Are they talking about how amazing their product is?

Are they talking about the benefit a customer, or they're trying to give you something for free. So I put a B2B and a B2C example, B2B 1, HubSpot. If we're trying to create email. Oh, I'm sorry. A, marketing tool.

What do we need to do? As if I go to HubSpot, they're very aggressive on a free 30 day trial. They're not trying to get your credit card. They're trying to get you into the system using it as fast as possible to show you why it's it's great. Okay.

So that's an option we could do. On the B2C side, Harry's, we've we'll talk about this one more later. But Harry's wants you to subscribe to buy razors every month, but their landing page says nothing about subscription. It's all about doing a free trial. Just pay three bucks for shipping and they're educating you on how it works.

So, if I'm Dollar Shave Club or some other men's grooming site, this is very interesting. Maybe we could do a free trial where we pay for shipping. But keep in mind, what is that first conversion that they're going for with that landing page? Alright. So we looked at your competitors Now, let's look at your opportunities based on your business model.

I'm sorry, based on your industry. So right away with your 3, you know what those existing pain points are, and that could be your opportunity for growth. So e commerce, we know that it's about customer acquisition cost, how much it costs to actually acquire these customers, and then LTV lifetime value. How much are they spending over their lifetime, whether that's 6 months or a year. Software as a service, SaaS, if you have a free version of your tool, then they have to upgrade to paid.

What is that conversion rate? And are you sending enough people into that free version to hit your revenue goals. With the mobile app, the average number of app downloads is is going down. I don't know if I do, but I'm I'm downloading less and less. The, the real estate on my phone, it is very coveted.

So, do you have something that's worthy of them downloading? And second, will they opt in for push notifications right away? So they're actually using the app. Market place. So if you're Airbnb and you're building up a marketplace that has two sides, who do you start with?

Do you start with people listing their homes first, or you start with people that are excited about this and would potentially rent out someone's spare bedroom. If you're a media company, you've got to get to a lot of page views before you can really monetize it. So do you have, plan in place to hit 1000, 100 of 1000, 1,000,000 of pages. So monetization can can be at the level that you need. And then the last one, user generated content sites where users are actually coming in and uploading images, blog posts, videos, whatever that is.

Will people, people create enough content that when people come back on a weekly or monthly basis, that it always feel feels like it's dynamic and fresh, and there's a lot of stuff going on. So, look at these pain points of your industry and be very honest with have you figured out a way to solve these problems. It's either different from your competitors or gives you an advantage over your competitors. Alright. Understand your business model.

How are you making money within that industry? So we're going to look at e commerce to be specific. Are you a e commerce company that's constantly in acquisition mode. And what that means is you're doing a transaction with a customer probably once per year, and so you're optimized for the lowest customer acquisition costs as possible. And then when you get them to checkout, upselling them as much as possible.

So we're talking selling diamond rings and Christmas trees, you know, a tran one transaction a lifetime or one transaction a year. And so, you know, with a diamond ring, you buy, it's like, oh, do you need the wedding band? Do you need insurance for the ring? How about a custom box really trying to upsell you? Cause they're probably not going to see you for a while.

But if you're in this loyalty where they're doing more than one transaction with you per year, maybe 3 per year or once per month, you care about loyal customers that are always coming back to So, giving them an amazing customer experience. It's like, Hey, you had a bad experience. That one's on us. Come back next time here's 20 off. If you're in acquisition mode, you're not really giving discounts on diamond rings, not happening.

And once you get them loyal, it's all about selection size selection and inventory size, you know, becoming a one stop shop for all of their beauty products or for all of their men's fashion. The best example of this is Amazon, right? They care about loyalty, you're doing a lot of transactions per year, so always expanding the inventory options that they have. Okay. We've looked at it by business model, by industry, by competition, Now, let's get into your exact customers, and this is probably the most important one.

And first, I like to start off, what is persona of your customer. Specifically, what is their digital footprint? And so this is a table, and we put it in the resources that we have as well. So you can build out your own customer personas. So obviously put the gender age, what region of the country they live in, academic profile, talking to PhDs?

Are you talking to undergrads? What is their career type? You know, are these people that are lawyers, or you're talking to people that work in immediate companies, what is it? You know, it it goes down the list, families, marital status, potential income and other brands they like. Where are they spending their time online?

Are they on Reddit reviewing things on, different subreddits? Reading business inside a ring at reading the Wall Street Journal, or are they living on social channels and reading a lot of various blog content. Because the more you can put color to who your customers are, the better it's going to be to actually find them online and add value to them. So step 1, build out your customer personas. And then the second thing is after you build out these personas, figure out where these people are online and actually, build out a customer model or a target list.

So I want to go through an example of Drizly. Drizly, you know, delivers booze to your home, what, no better companies do an example for than Drizly, and they just launched in Seattle, So, I want to find 70,000 potential customers for Drisley. So, here's what I would do. I've already built out a persona. We're going at after millennials, young professionals that love going out and love drinking.

We think they would be ideal customers for this service, having booze delivered to them. So, and again, this template, are in the resources for the growth marketing playbook. I'd start doing research on meetup groups, Facebook groups, Eventbrite, subreddits, and various organizations, within mile radius of Seattle. And so I did that. You know, Seattle meetup group, has 7000 followers.

Here's the URL. Beard tasting Seattle. We 4000 people, young professional of Seattle, 20,000. I go down the line till I hit 70,000. The exciting thing about this is we've actually found 70,000 people probably gonna be customers, you know, cut it in half, call it 50% of these people, that's 3500 people.

So now it's how do we add value to these people or get in front of them the right way. You could obviously start targeting them with ads. You can do partnerships with these groups. You can give free stuff to these groups to try and engage them, or you can actually do offline events with them, whatever that would be. So whether you're doing this for specific market like Seattle or you want to do this across the country.

This is a great exercise. Because as you do this, you start to come up with very interesting creative ideas on how you can add value to each persona and to each, customer segment.

==== End of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 02 - Ready for Growth & Growth Opportunities  ====
