==== Start of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 01 - Intro to Growth Marketing  ====

Okay. Welcome to the Growthmarketers playbook online workshop. I am Jim Hoffman, and I am super pumped that you all are here. You're probably here because you purchased my book in the online course, and, hopefully, you read the book beforehand, and we're able to get, a good foundation of everything we've learned over the past few years at our growth marketing agency growth hit on how to grow startups the right way. We really, we've learned a lot, whether it's through the startups we've worked with or through our agency on how to grow companies.

We've learned the hard way, and we've learned, through some successes. And we tried to put it all into the book so you could have advantage that I wish we would have had on growing businesses online, and trying to do it in a rapid agile process. So the book, I think, is a great resource for you to have. You can always go back to reference it But I also learned very well through video and through storytelling. So that's what the goal is of this workshop is.

We're gonna go pretty deep on case studies taking the framework from the book and show how other companies have been able to apply that in a very, very good way. And the goal is for this to give you ideas on how you can implement this with your idea, with your company, with your growth team, so you can actually grow and scale the right way, but hopefully learning through video and through the the microphone will help reinforce some of the things, that we've hit on in the So let's, let's get into it. Okay. So who am I? There's me.

There's a picture of my face. Here's, my face again. Yeah, my background, I've worked for a few different startups as the loan growth marketing guy. Grew 1 through SEO, search engine optimization, grew another through email marketing. And right now paid acquisition, on social and building referral mechanisms is one that's that's working fairly well for us.

I, started my agency about 2 years ago. I was teaching a general assembly and started getting doing some holding on the side. And from that, got some partnerships with a few different venture capital firms, like Techstars and the the accelerator at Sephora. And it's really cool for us because we get to work with smart founders, like some of you that are watching this, and really help them take this great product or service they created to the to the next level. And we also do some work with big brands like FedEx and Hot Wheels on how to run this agile growth process.

But, yeah, that's, that's me, and my agency growth hit, but let's let's get into the book. Oh, and one other thing. Where to find me? I'm on Twitter, Jim, w Huffman. That's my handle.

Hit me up. If you guys ever need anything. And we do some events through general assembly and techstars and would love to meet you in And so check out my meetup group, growth marketers, on meetup.com. But, yeah, Alright. So what are we gonna talk about today?

How can we help you as a marketer or as a founder grow your business? This is what we're gonna cover. First, what is this thing we call growth marketing? How is it different from regular marketing? Why is it special?

And why should you care? As a marketer or a founder. Why does this actually matter? And the second thing is how to know if you're ready for growth? You might be fine tuning your product, doing some, customer interviews, some product development.

When do you know you have something that is to grow versus you have something and you still need to fine tune, and make a product that is a must have and not a nice to have. Once you figure that out, we're gonna talk about how to uncover cover your growth opportunities based on your industry, your business model, your customer, the resources you have, whether you're bootstrapped and you're limited on funds, or maybe you just raise some money, and you can do some paid channels. We'll get into the basic to setting up your marketing infrastructure and your conversion funnels before you do anything with growth, we gotta make sure we're able to handle that traffic. We'll talk about best practices for doing that. How to run and manage your growth team and your growth process, whether it's just you and how you manage yourself to have the biggest impact with your limited time, or how do you manage a team of 2 for ten people.

So you're all focused on having, a big impact for your company. Then we're gonna get really detailed on case studies about how to acquire, convert, and scale. And again, I learned the best through examples and from stories, so we try to put in a I try to put in a lot here because I wanna give you all as many reps and examples of what other businesses, other companies have done so you can apply it to what you're doing. And then last, what is the right marketing tech stack for you and for your company? I I've looked at some of these marketing tools as giving yourself superpowers because you're so limited on time and energy and bandwidth.

How can you use tools to automate things or to make your life easier. So I'll go through some of my favorites, some that are free, some that are expensive, but hopefully you can find the right tech stack, based on, the stage your company is at. Okay. So why does growth matter? Why why do we need to focus on growth marketing?

Why can't I make a kick ass product and let it sell itself. Well, the reality is growth is damn hard. I wish you could just build this amazing thing and customers, users would come. Unfortunately, that is not the case. And when you don't, start thinking about your customer and your distribution strategy to connect your product to that customer.

If you don't do that from the start, you could be doomed to fail. And as we look at why startups fail, you'll notice that 7 of these reasons are due to lack of mark or growth or having any idea on how to get distribution. So obviously, once you create this amazing product or service, the next most important thing to that is connecting it with the customer. And I would put it almost at the equal scale of the importance of having a product that has a product market fit, but we'll get into that. So it's hard to grow because it the second most important thing.

So why do these other companies succeed when ones don't? You know, what's happening? Well, like to take a step back and let's understand the process a company goes through, and this could be for a startup or for a product launch within a big company. What is that process they go to that will either make or break them? This is from Steve Blank.

This is what he calls a startup and he's a three time entrepreneur, big fan of the lean startup methodology. And I think we're familiar with this, you know, maybe you all have launched a product or a company. You've you've had this big hit of adrenaline and excitement. You launch your product. It's out in the wild.

Everyone's excited. Your mom's proud of you, your girlfriend, your boyfriend, is share all this information with their friends. Maybe you got some press on TechCrunch, Product Hunt, Business Insight, or whatever it is. And that's fun. Well, a few weeks go by, and this newness starts to wear off.

You go into what is called the trough of sorrow. Those those first time visitors aren't coming back. Your mom forgets to ask you how your product's doing, things aren't going well. But what happens is you have some signs of hope. You see these these early adopters that actually like your product or service that you have because it's truly solving a problem or a pain point that they have.

And that's when we, as a growth team, as marketers, that's when we have to roll up our sleeves and get to work. Because it's those moments when we really figure out, okay, what is working, and how can we use that to to grow this thing the right way? And then this is as markers where we wanna get to is this promised land. Finding these marketing channels, these growth channels, that are actually working and double down on those to hit, scalable and repeatable growth. And that's what we wanna get to as marketers.

And the companies that are successful are able to go through this life cycle the right way. So how do they do that? What are those growth mechanisms what are the growth tactics that they implement that actually work? Well, one way is creating this for referral mechanism, which I think is the most powerful thing in marketing when you turn your customers into marketers. So you're probably familiar with this one from Dropbox.

Where they allow you to use their free cloud storage. And once you run out of space, you can either pay to get some more or, hey, refer a friend upload your contacts, share it with your contacts, tweet about us, we'll give you free cloud storage. Well, to date, this is still still their number one driver. Of user acquisition is this referral mechanism. Again, turning customers into marketers, or maybe want another success story you have enough money, you're fortunate enough to run ad campaigns, maybe your business model supports it as you make money, you can invest 10% back into ads.

And maybe you found a way to scale up advertising. So this is an example of girl dotcom. They make leggings. They had a lot of success on Instagram and Facebook with social ads. And not only that, but with their ads, they were giving away free product.

So that customer acquisition cost isn't cheap. The cost to leggings the cost of the ad, but because they knew their lifetime value, the LTV, the amount of money a customer spends over their lifetime, was gonna be so great after this amazing first impression that ended up making sense for them. So say it costs 50 bucks per customer to give them leggings advertised to them, but they spend $400 over the next 6 months. That makes sense. Those numbers add up, so you can do all day long.

Other companies have had success getting. Right? So Stripe, whenever they launched, their payment tool, they really went after developers, specifically Ruby developers, because these developers were the most likely to test new tools, new products, as they're building out different applications. And how do we get in front of this audience? For them, it was about doing online and offline events.

Leveraging channels like Eventbrite in meetup to host hackathons, to do online webinars, to get this community excited about the tool that they have. So if you know exactly who those users are, if they're living somewhere online or offline, maybe there's a right way you can connect with them. And another example of a company that's really found a channel, that's worked for them, this is clickminded. They make courses online specifically around SEO. They have one blog post that's driving in over 80% of their traffic.

And so for them, this has been very, very fruitful doing content marketing, specifically SEO driven content marketing, to get in potential leads. So, again, content marketing could be an option for you, but just know that really, especially for you founders that are at the early stage, you just need one of these channels to work for you. Alright. So let's take a step back. We can saying this phrase growth marketing, well, what the heck does that mean?

Why why is it different from marketing? Well, the traditional approach to marketing or advertising, whatever we wanna call it, it's really top of the funnel. You know, it's awareness and acquisition. Just kind of putting the brand out there and letting people know that we exist. With the growth approach, with growth marketing, it's a full funnel look and how we're going to grow and get traction.

So you're not only in charge of top of funnel with awareness and acquisition, but you're also in charge of middle of the funnel, where how do we activate these people once they're on the site. How do we get them to come back to the site after they leave through email marketing or push notifications? And bottom of funnel, how do we convert them to a paying customer, and how do we turn that customer into a marketer. Right? So this is what we really wanna focus on, and is this stage right here, full funnel, a growth marketing approach.

What is good marketing? Good marketing is something that is sustainable and repeatable. And when I say sustainable, it actually is ROI positive. We're not losing money on it, but it's actually something that is making money. And so what does this graph show?

This shows the retention curve. Right? So if you look at the blue line right here, this shows that, hey, we actually are able to get people to the site and they these people are active, whether it's coming back to do repeat purchases or coming back to use the platform, coming back to use the SaaS tool. They're gonna continue to give us visits or continue to, resubscribe to the, to the tool. Unfortunately, there's some growth curves that are not as good as this.

If you look at, product B, people are coming to the website. They're using the product but they are not reusing it. They are not reactivating, and they are abandoning it. So you could spend all this money upfront to acquire them or to get them the site, but if they're gonna stop using it or not pay to use it on an ongoing basis, unfortunately, it's not sustainable. So we've gotta have sustainable growth, for this to actually work.

Now, what are our what are our options for growing a company for various growth channels. Well, this is from the book hacking Growth by Sean Ellis and Morgan Brown. And they believe that there are 27 options for growth. And they broke it down into 3 different categories. You've got viral word-of-mouth marketing, you know, things like giveaways and contests, friend referral programs, funding platforms like Kickstarter.

You also have organic channels doing search engine optimization, you know, ranking for various keywords, community building and content marketing is a very big one. And then the third option is you have paid channels. You know, anything from, Google ads, with AdWords, Facebook ad podcast advertising, lot of different ways to spend money to, to get in front of people. So those are the options for growth. One thing I want you to think about as you're evaluating the various channels you can use to grow your business is where is that channel in its life cycle?

So this graph is from James Currier, who's a venture capitalist and a network effects guy. And he says, this is the effectiveness of these channels over their life cycle. So this y axis is what he calls effectiveness, right? How powerful the channel is for acquiring, customers. And as we look at this, let's take a email, for example.

So before 2006, 2008 email was a very, very strong channel for people. And the reason is your open rate used to be over 90%. Gmail hadn't broken up your inbox into promotions and social section, it was very effective. So what companies were able to ride the wave of this, growth channel? Right?

You've got, Groupon, very, very strong email newsletters, daily email newsletters, like daily candy, Urban Daddy Thrillist, really rode the wave of email And now email, you know, it's a little it's very oversaturated. All of our inboxes are filled with all types of spam because marketers are ruined every channel That does not mean you should not focus on email. It just means that it's about quality, rather than quantity, to rise up from the noise within this channel. So that could be making rich newsletters using personalization, and user data to add value to make sure people, open up an email. Alright.

As we go to 2009, you know, MySpace, very, very effective channel. Who rode the wave of this? Bands and YouTube, right? A lot of bands would have MySpace pages. They would post music videos on YouTube.

YouTube got a lot of traction actually became its own platform, that far out out, grew my space. And then we have Facebook who wrote the wave of this channel. You've got platforms like Upward the and Buzzfeed, these media companies that really knew how to make content for a social platform like Facebook, content that was very shareable. And if this graph went out to 2018, 2019, we would see channels like Instagram and Snapchat really growing more more, than what we see right here. So the main thing to ask yourself, as you're evaluating all these various channels you can use for growth, where is it at in its life cycle?

If you catch a channel that's new, maybe like an Alexa skill, it's about speed and being innovative on that platform. If you're going after a channel that's much more mature and a little over saturated, it could be about quality rather than speed. Okay. So how do we make a growth strategy? We've talked about these options for channels, how to evaluate them.

Because in my mind, those things are, are very important, but I like to start with the one thing before I do anything or I'm building a growth plan, and it's the customer. And I want to build an entire growth marketing strategy around our customer. Cause if we always have that user persona of the ideal early adopter in mind, more often than not, you're gonna be thinking, the right way. And as you've read the book, you you noticed that we are big fans of analyzing all the different growth frameworks out there. And from that, we've come up with our own that we use with our clients and with our own agency to grow, and we call it the fact framework.

And it's a customer centric growth plan, growth strategy, to grow your business. And the way it works, it takes the traditional funnel approach, and we just always make the customer first in it. So The question to ask yourself is, how are you finding your customers right now? Where do they live online and offline? So as you evaluate your user personas that we'll get into, you really wanna understand their digital footprint to see what they're doing online.

And then once you've identified those exact customers and those personas, what they're doing online, how do you acquire them? We love doing benefit benefit focus campaigns, whether it's through ads or content strategy to add value to them to get them to find our product or service in the best possible way. And that's usually when we're solving a problem for them. And once you can acquire them, how do you turn that visitor into a paying customer? How do you convert them to actually give you money or to subscribe or to do whatever that main action is you want on the website?

And then once you figure this out, you've identified the customers, you've gotten them to the site. They're actually paying this is when you, again, get into the most powerful thing in marketing. You turn your customers into marketers where they refer our friend through word-of-mouth marketing, or through sharing on social or whatever referral mechanism you have in your user experience. And again, as we look at these fast growing startups, they are the ones that fine tune this funnel better than anyone else, and able to turn customers into marketers. Okay.

==== End of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 01 - Intro to Growth Marketing  ====
