==== Start of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 06 - How to Scale & Growth Tools  ====

Okay. Let's get into how to actually scale. We've talked about acquiring your customers, getting people to decide how to convert them whether that's getting a transaction, demo, email sign up. Now how do we scale? You've got the basic conversion funnel working, but now we need to focus on growth.

And not just growth, like, grow 10 to 20%, but how do we really 10x that growth? To, to get a, a much higher level. So first, what are the goals around that? It could be with your existing customer base, growing the lifetime value, how much money they're spending with you over 6 months a year or 3 years, increasing repeat purchases, maybe from a frequency of two times per year four times per year. It could also be, referrals or shares, so turning those existing customers into marketers.

Right? So they can then help you attract and acquire new customers. There's really no better marketing channel than happy customer spreading the word to people, because free for you, and it's usually a very trusted source. So how do you measure that? We wanna look at your retention curve, to make sure churn is low, and that you have people coming back, whatever the frequency has to be, if it's daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly.

Obviously looking at lifetime value, how much they're spending Net Promoter Score, how likely are these customers to recommend your product to a friend? And then invites. Meaning, are they using the referral mechanism you put in place to invite new people to try out the product? Alright, let's jump in. And now we jump in.

Okay. So what I'm talking about when I talk about scale, it also brings up the phrase growth hacker. Right? So there's a lot of connotations with growth hacker, some good, some is bad. I don't love the word hacker, but I love the the definition of it, as it's defined by Sean Ellis.

So Sean Ellis came up with this phrase when he was working at Dropbox because they were interviewing all these VPs of marketing, but they weren't really cutting it. He needed what he called a growth hack So, how he defines it? A person whose true notes North Star is growth, and after product market fit, which we've talked about, and funding an efficient conversion process, which we just went through getting that conversion figured out, they find a scalable, repeatable and sustainable way to grow their this. So one thing that he did at Dropbox, and if you look at this example here, this referral mechanism allowed them to turn customers in markers, where at Dropbox, you're using the storage. It's for free, but then you run out of free space, you can either pay to use more storage or invite a friend and get free storage.

To date, this is still their number one driver of user acquisition. Very available, and, it turns customers and marketers. So it's essentially a free channel. Alright. So let's get into what are the skills you need to go into this mentality of growth hacker to scale your business.

Well, as we break down the skillsets you have, to have, I think there's 3 buckets. 1 is, a foundation of digital marketing, so really understand the fundamentals. The second is the only understanding digital marketing and all of your options, but second is being a data driven leader or having a data driven mindset. So you know the tools to use and you know how to use them by using data as your star. And then the third thing, I think it's being product focus.

Some people could classify this as being technical, I'm not necessarily technical. I think it's more about understanding how these digital products work and having resources to leverage people, that can make cool things. So so that could be working with a front end designer, working with a developer to engineer some of these tools, because as we get into the digital landscape, it's no longer about creative ad copy, videos, beautiful branding that very much a part of it, but it's actually building these growth mechanisms into the user experience of the product. I want to get into a few examples of that to put more color on it. One example, and this one's pretty cool.

This is wonder tab by hit list. Very cool experience where it's a Chrome extension where every time you open a new tab, it shows you somewhere in the world you can go. If you're up for going anywhere on the cheap, you're like, Hey, I just want a beach. I don't care where it is. What's the cheapest, pack for finding a beach near me.

And what's cool is with this Chrome extension is you open a new tab. It's like, Hey, you can go to Thailand for 8.60 bucks, in flat or laguardia in 3 hours. Very distracting, and you're not recommending putting it on your tab or your own Chrome. You will not be productive. But this tool was their top driver of getting customers to the site.

And the reason why they had to do this is if you're launching a travel site, it's very competitive. You're gonna have to go head to head with Expedia, TripAdvisor, Priceline, with their ad budgets, and with their SEO teams, which are very, very good. So they had to find a new channel that would work, and they did it. And this actually came from their head of product. It was their idea to launch this as a Chrome extension.

They launched it. Got a lot of traction. They launched it on product hunt. It was the number one product for the day. So again, creating free tool for people to get new customers, very much a scalable idea that has that growth hacker mindset.

Alright. Flipigram. So, you know, flip a Grand free tool, that allows you to make slide shows and social content that you can repost on Graham. And they have a paid version that you can use, but the free version, you can use it for free, but they have this watermark right here showing the branding. A lot of people would use this free version when they're making their slide shows or carousels, and they post it on Instagram.

And this little watermark right here, little branding logo all of a sudden, you have banner ads all over Instagram for free, which grew which drove awareness of it. So this was their top driver as far as putting the brand out there rather than any traditional advertising or media plays that they would have to do. Alright. Let's look at LinkedIn. We all know LinkedIn, you know, your professional online resume.

With them, power of LinkedIn is in your network. The more connections you have, the more business opportunities, and that's when you really see LinkedIn working. But they had an issue where when people started signing up, on average, they had, like, 5 to 7 connections per month, which That's not enough to show the impact of your network on LinkedIn. So what they did is in the onboarding, they put this simple thing here, which is very common with community platforms, but they were one of the first ones, where it's like, Hey, see if you already know on LinkedIn, grow your network, and you can upload your contacts. And right away by doing this, your contacts went from 5 to 7 per month, to over 30, I'm sorry, over 50 30 days.

And by doing this, all of a sudden, it sets up these retention mechanisms like, Hey, so and so just took a new job, see where they're at, or so and so just got promoted, congratulate them. So brings people to the back to back to the site based on their connections in their network. Alright. This is, this one's really cool. This Harry's.

We've mentioned them high end rate razor blades. And whenever they were launching, their goal was we need to set this thing up for success. How do we create a wait list before we even launch of a 100 plus potential customers? So they had the email form here. It's like, Hey, it'd be the first to know when we sign up.

And then all of a sudden, it's like, Hey, by the way, if you share this with friends, we're gonna give you free products for spreading the word. If you share this with 5 friends, free shaving cream, 25 free friends, you get the shave set. And if you share this with 50 friends, a year supply of free blades. In a very simple kind of landing page to share, this allowed them to get their wait list to over a 100,000 4 they even launched. So that's a great way to to set this thing up for success.

Alright. Let's do a recap. We we've done, a lot here going through acquiring customers, converting them, and then actually scaling. And the thing that I like is we did this from the fact framework, which is very much a customer centric approach to building your funnel and building out your growth process. So with acquiring traffic to your site, we've looked at free ways to do that through SEO, content marketing, and paid ways to do that with Facebook ads, search engine marketing, really getting traffic to the site.

And then once you find these people and acquire them, It's about converting them. And we went through how to convert them on the B2B side with demos, webinars, free trials, and on the B2C side, using content upgrades, email automation, and personalization. So a lot of ways to hopefully activate these people And then once you have that funnel working, it's really about turning those customers into marketing marketers. So as we look at scaling, it's really about some of the principles of growth hacking, building out a referral mechanism, and engineering is marketing, similar to how hit list created wonder tab. So as you're going in on your, your marketing initiatives, always come back to this asking yourself, where in the funnel are you focused right now?

And what are the right tactics to try and apply is is you build out your your various funnels and your various experiments. Now in this last last section, a growth mark techsec. The main goal here is just to give you a bunch of options of resources you could potentially use, to help scale some of your efforts and be more efficient with your time and energy and your team. Now, I run into the issue when I'm when I'm looking at marketing tools where I get a little overwhelmed because I wanna understand every single option that's out there, create a spreadsheet, comparing prices, features, reviews and whatnot. And I spend way too much time on it, and it's problem.

So I just wanna give you some of the best ones, or one some of the ones that I've experienced. There's a lot of great ones there to maybe give you a jump start. Alright. Email capture tools. What are the options that are out there?

If you're just getting started, if you have a blog, e commerce platform, Sumo and just, you know, a nice entry price point. They have a free option and then a paid option that could be like 29 to 50 very easy to customize, and it integrates with a lot of email service providers. On the B2B side, I like convert flow. I think it starts out at 29 bucks per month and then goes up from there, but it allows you to base on a user's history or behavior, you could have custom conversions you want them to do. So the first time to their, to the site, you do a content upgrade, After they've done that, the second time would be like, Hey, maybe ask them to schedule a demo.

So very smart based on the user's behavior. This is Sprout video where you can do email capture within videos, and this is optinmonster, which I'd also, categorize this with Sumo and justuno. Another very powerful tool you could use for email capture. Alright. You got the email capture.

What about landing page experiments and tests. These 3 are fantastic. I've used all 3. I like all three, unbounce lead pages optimizely are are really good. Probably use unbounce the most, but I really like lead pages too.

So very easy to use. You don't have to be a coder or developer. And can run experiments right out the gate. Now, if you wanna do personalization with your landing page, right message that we talked about earlier is a pretty nice one. It launched January 2018.

So fairly new, but they're innovating on it pretty fast. So something to test if you're wanting to do landing page experiments with a lot of personalization. Alright. People are on your site. What are they doing?

How do we measure the actions of these users? So some UX tools I like to do for doing screen recordings and heat maps. You got mouse flow, crazy egg, and hot jar. We probably use hot jar the most. But they're all really good.

So based on device, based on their action, you can see where they're clicking. So that way, as you're doing these landing page tests, what are they clicking on, where are they engaging, where are they spending the most time, this allows you to have a very clear, under standing of what's happening. And I also like the screen recordings, especially with people that have long sessions, over 5 page views, see where they're dropping off or where the top customers are, kinda speeding up. Email marketing tools. You're collecting these emails.

What are you using to manage them? You know, if you're just starting out, have a very basic blog or e commerce side. I think Mailchimp, campaign monitor, are fantastic. Very easy to use builders, integrate with a lot of other platforms like WordPress Shopify, and starts out at a very affordable price. If you're scaling up an e commerce company, you might wanna then graduate to Clavio and eventually sailed through, this will be more expensive.

Before an e commerce platform, it's nice. It already has a lot of the custom email automation flows built out. Now, if you're doing B2B, I really like DRIP, because if you're doing custom email drip campaigns based on a user's segment tag or where they came from. DRIP is one of the best ones out there for customizing customizing that experience. And we've talked about conversational marketing, you know, whether it's chat or kind of customer service tools, we're actually engaging with that customer visitor.

And here are some great options. Obviously, you can integrate Facebook Messenger with your platform. Intercom and Drift, they have some very, very talented and robust tech team. So they're constantly innovating on those platforms and they're changing in a good way on like a monthly basis. And then obviously you've got Zendesk, which is another great one out there, more customer service centric, but has good messaging as well.

Content marketing tools that are out there, for scheduling, hootsuin buffer are great. BuzzSumo, I really like this one as far as doing research on content marketing, where the, for example, we typed in growth hacker, growth hacker, into this. And it shows us here the top articles around growth hacks, as in relation to what has been shared the most online. So you can see this one here top 10 proven growth hacks for 2016. It's been shared over a 100 and 11,000 times on Twitter.

So, if I'm trying to write an article around growth hacks, I'm gonna check that out and see what they did that's so great and how I can make something even better. If that's possible. And then Movely, and Canva are great for making assets for content marketing. And we also created the marketing tech stack selector. This is on our website, growth hit com.

You can just go to this URL and we update this, about twice a year where we have the top 100 marketing tools based on these categories. So that way you can always go to this and say, okay, what tools are out there that I should be considering based on what I need it's SEO tools, landing page tools, conversion tools, just so you can see all the options that are out there. But the main goal is to give you this resource so you can have some tools help you with the, the many jobs you're probably trying to do. So in conclusion, this is the last slide. What did we just talk about?

First, what is growth marketing and why you should care? Why it's important to be looking at marketing from the full funnel and not just top of the funnel? How to know you're, you're even ready for growth, whether it's your team or your company? Do you have the infrastructure in place? Do you have product market fit so you can really start focusing on growth, or do you still need to hone in on that messaging in your conversion funnel?

Are you ready for growth? How do you uncover your growth opportunities? Like what's out there based on your business model, how much money you have, free versions, paid versions. And then once you lay out kind of the roadmap, do you set up your marketing infrastructure, from the analytics tech stack, building out that first landing page for conversion and and getting your UTM tags in place. And then we went through how to actually run and manage a growth team, whether that's just yourself, if you're a rock star team of 1, or if you have a team of 5 to 10 people, how you wanna manage, you know, your day to day, your week to week, the meetings and and how you prioritize and focus.

Then we went into some case studies and tactics on acquiring, converting, and scaling, and hopefully that gave you exploration on things that you can apply to your business. And then last, you know, some marketing tools that you can play with and check out. But, yeah, that's it. Really appreciate you guys taking the time to get into the course. And it means a lot.

And if you ever have any questions, just email me at jim@growthhead dotcom. We're gonna be looking to put out more courses that go a little bit more specific and tactical. We're working on one around social ads specifically with Facebook and Instagram. But again, thank you for taking the time. And, yep, there it is.

There's a thank you slide. Gotta make it official. Any others, my Twitter, feel free to, troll me or tweet at me. Hopefully, something positive, but, thanks again, and have a great one.

==== End of Transcript: Growth Marketing Playbook Video 06 - How to Scale & Growth Tools  ====
