==== Start of Transcript: 17 Alignment ====

Our singular focus to move anything in our life now is alignment, and you now know how to align yourself with your thoughts, your emotions, your heart magnet, okay, and your focus. Alignment is when we are clear of fear old story hate and avoidance, and you don't get to alignment without acceptance and awareness awareness and acceptance in that order. Boundaries and processing. Okay? So because that's how you clear your energy every single day.

And here's the thing you're always attracting. So if there's if you're not in alignment with what you want, you're attracting whatever emotional state you are focused on. Okay? And being out of alignment with your soul path, being out of alignment means someone else is driving the car, and they are doing the attracting. So sometimes you might not complete the full circle.

In fact, you'll get to your mind, you'll go to your emotions, which I always say sit on my left shoulder, and you're just gonna get kicked straight back up to your mind again. And this little sub loop is gonna come in here. And you're just gonna get stuck in there between your mind and your emotions, but the heart, the heart always wins. Because the heart knows what it wants. So if you push through the emotion, stop analyzing it, thinking about it, push through the emotion, take it in the car.

Take it for a spin. My thoughts and my emotions tell them to chill out We're all afraid, but as long as we stick together and never let self hate back in the car, We're gonna be okay. Tell them it's okay. Mind. I want this.

I create this. Think. This is a thinking space. This is thought work, emotions, feelings. It's scary.

Oh, or I do want this, and I'm excited or I'm just I don't know what to think, but I'm gonna do it anyway because I'm feeling all of these emotions. They're just emotions. Listen. But when you get to that heart, oh, but the heart really wants this because the heart knows what it wants and the heart wants, what the heart wants, man, And, you know, those emotions, those scary ones that keep bringing you back to your mind, push through them, get to your heart once your heart locks in. You're in a full state of attracting, then that focus.

The focus of every day coming into this focus completes your circle, and that focus is clarity. And when you can go past your thoughts, to your thinking space into your emotions. Your emotions are acceptable. You come into your heart. Your heart is aligned and engaged Your focus has clarity, and you are showing up every day.

You are unstoppable. Now this time, you're gonna take another look through all of your life areas, your spiritual, your intellectual, your emotional self, your physical body image, your health, your wealth, your hobbies, your special interests, your love relationship, your work career, your business, your family, friends, your community start to think about what alignment would feel like in every one of these areas feel the alignment in each one of these areas, explore them like a museum, like a museum. Because when you go into a museum, you see something different each time. And there's always new possibility and new information. And because there's value, In fact, the more value there is, the faster it's going to come to you, I learned how to master alignment.

To clear my mind of yesterday's emotions, and to fill my heart with connection and purpose and show up daily. That's it. Increasing my value and confidence with equal exchange with every step that I took. Then the emotions just become joy. They're no longer kicking you back to thought.

They're joyful. The only time you're not joyful is when you get to the heart and you don't have time to live in your heart's purpose. And then your emotion goes, that's not fear. I wanna live in my heart's calling, and then it goes back to the mind. And mind says, well, that's not fear, but there's an old story for not fair, and it's poor me.

Let's let poor me in the car, and you're back up here again. And you said to complete that full rotation to the heart. It's that simple. Do I get stuck in a loop now? Yes.

But I break it fast. Do I get stuck between my mind and my emotions? Yes. But I take them in the car and listen, and I say thanks for the feedback, but I choose to believe. My name is Sue Bryce, and I'm a master creator, and so are you.

Make no mistake about it.

==== End of Transcript: 17 Alignment ====