==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 12 - If You Hate It, Look at It ====

The mirror of what you see is in you. Okay. This is gonna be really horrible. I had a problem with somebody in my life. I could not see the mirror of what I was reflecting any resemblance to what they were reflecting back at me.

I could not move through it. So when I don't like somebody, the first question I ask is what is it about them? I don't like because I'm doing it. Okay. That's the first question.

What is it about them? I don't like because I am doing it. Now I've taught my friends this, and when we have drinks, coffee, wine, someone would go, oh, I absolutely hated her when I first met her. And I was like, why? What did you hate about it?

And all my friends go at this? I can't think of what it was because they know what I'm gonna say. They know I'm gonna say, really, are you doing this? And so now I see myself reflected back in everybody, but in a good way. So when I meet somebody, if they do something, the first thing I do is identify what it is that irked me.

And if it irks me a little bit, you do it a little bit. If it irks you a whole lot, you do it a whole lot, but you need to understand now what happens when there's somebody in your life, like a brother-in-law or a sister-in-law or somebody that's attached to your life that you hate, and you cannot get past it. It's you. And every time you see him, he says something, and every time you see her, she says something and she reinvigorate your hate for her, and it's nothing you're doing. It's her or him.

Or it is a family member or a sibling. You're doing it. You're holding half the energy. Because it if affects you, trust me, you're doing it. So often when we're moving through things and we're trying to change and we know we have to go on the pain path and we know we have to make often we confronted a lot by people that upset us, and what they are doing is they are also messengers.

They're telling you where you still need to do work. And it is the most interesting conversation because you can never now not have it with me. So now, no matter what you're faced with, so if your client doesn't buy from you, I'm gonna ask you where did you go wrong? And you'll get on Facebook and 30 people are right. Some people just aren't your clients, and I'm like, No.

No. No. You don't get away with it. Face it. You did something.

You did something wrong. It's you. If it's hurting you, it's you, and it is probably one of the hardest things to accept. Okay? You only hate something that you fear.

You only hate something. That you fear and it holds your greatest lesson. So when you don't want to do something, when you feel something so strongly, there is a big lesson there for you, and you must confront it. So we're gonna talk about now. We're gonna talk about change.

We're gonna talk about money. We're gonna talk about receiving money. We're gonna be talking about more money, being good enough for money. And the first thing I can say to you right now is if you hate it, you need to look at it. If it turns you inside out, you need to look at it.

Because your greatest lesson is there. Now I am, yes, I am empathic. And clear sentient. I read energy from people from great distances. You don't even have to be in the room for me to feel and tune with you The more I know you and love you, the greater I can do it.

But the one gift I have is I can hear lies in people's speech, and I don't mean untruths. I mean, I can hear the truth of what you're saying by what you're saying. And I call it, what are you seeing being saying doing? Now to me, you can say, I really just, you know, don't feel that worried about it, blah blah blah, but you've got laryngitis. And I'm like, okay.

So you're telling me you don't care, but your body is telling me you can't speak about it, or you're saying I'm not worried by this I'm not bothered by this, but everything in your speech keeps bringing it back or everything keeps bringing it up and what you're seeing and what you're being and what you're saying and what you're doing are showing me a different story. So the lie has come from you. The lie is I don't want to acknowledge this pain so I'm gonna avoid it at all costs. And the thing is is I'm talking to you the fastest way for me to discover where you're at because you're gonna hide your money from Right? Your bank account is private, and you're gonna hide your feelings from me by not speaking them So the next thing I'm gonna do is listen to your voice and listen to the untruths in your speech, what you're avoiding.

And then the third thing I'm gonna do is look at your body. Because if you're limping, I already know that your direction is off. And if you have pain in your shoulders, I know you're shouldering too much responsibility. And if you can't speak, I know that your voice is stuck and you are unable to express yourself. And if your stomach hurts or if your lungs hurt, you're not taking in life if your ears are in pain, you don't wanna hear anything around you.

If you're in muscle pain, you're in guilt, if you're in bone pain, you're in resentment, and I watch people's bodies and how they move and how they talk, and I get a very strong sense instantly of what you're not facing up to in it's always a pain you do not want to talk about. It's always a pain you don't want to face. That's what illness is. That's what distraction is. It's the pain that we talked about at the beginning that you don't want to walk through.

You don't have an option. If you want it out of your body, you need to walk through it. If you want this person out of your life, you need to walk through it until you can love them. They don't go away. And if they do go away, a new one pops up because remember the golden rule the drama will repeat until you learn from it and no longer need it anymore.

The drama will repeat until you no longer find the identity of yourself in it. The drama will repeat until you no longer tell a story around the drama. So what you have to do is go through it, see yourself in it, and then rise above the person. And so you don't actually get rid of somebody by ignoring them. You don't you don't become indifferent to someone until you love them.

You have to love them away. You can't hate someone away because resentment is resistance. I hear this on a daily basis. I'm attracting the wrong clients. I'm attracting people who don't value me.

I'm attracting the wrong people. I'm attracting the wrong mate. I'm attracting the wrong woman, man, I'm attracting the wrong, people in general in my life, and I say to you, no, you're not. You're attracting the perfect person because that person is telling you something. So if you keep attracting, a partner that doesn't commit, What does that tell you about you?

If you keep attracting a client that doesn't spend, what does that tell you about you? It keep attracting friends that don't respect you. What does that tell you about you? And again, you're the protagonist. This not my fault.

I'm not doing this. People are doing this to me. But when you get client after client after client that doesn't spend money, At what stage are you gonna wake up to the fact that you are attracting the wrong person? And you are not learning the lesson. At what stage are you going to then turn around and go, you know what?

It's the economy. Cause if I had a dime for every time I heard that in the last 5 years, I would invested those dimes, and I'd be doing pretty well because luckily, right around when we had a global financial crisis, which is a perfect excuse to fail, You all bought into this idea that now it was a scapegoat to being successful. And yet my business carried on as normal, I'm a luck item I carried on through the global financial crisis, no differently. Yes, people were more nervous, but it didn't change anything. And ultimately, I watched the fear and the fear and the fear come up and I watched the excuse come up after excuse come up and still nobody acknowledged themselves in it.

Nobody said, what am I doing? So if you're attracting the wrong client, the next question people ask me when I tell them that is how do I attract the right client? I'm like, you're you're asking the wrong question. The wrong question It's not. How do I attract the right client?

The wrong question that's a wrong question. The right question is what am I seeing? Shown back to me over and over again. Your work is not good enough. Your value is not good enough.

You are not with it. You can engage with people your clients are showing you over and over again, your boyfriends, your girlfriends are showing you over and over again what you're lacking you need to grab hold of it and make that your daily practice. Make that your work. Such a hard thing to hear. You go to a job, every day you hate the job, you hate your boss.

You engage at me somewhere between 26% 52% for middle management, you get your wages, you leave, you hate your job, you hate your life. You go home, you complain about it, you complain about it, my job sucks, my job sucks, you make jokes about it. You have, I don't wanna wake up Mondays, hump Wednesdays. Thank god it's Fridays. You go away.

You have a you have a average weekend because you got no money. And on your average weekend, you suck, can't get out of bed on Monday because my job sucks again. And the best part about that is never at any stage do you take responsibility for the fact that your what? Sorry. Your boss is supposed to make your life better?

Or you're worth more. So you go and get a job, you go and get a business, you go and create a business, or you try and look for another job that'll make you happy, it make you happy for about 6 months. That's usually the turnaround, and then you're gonna go. You're gonna start a business and you're gonna struggle because remember to own a success full business, we're gonna have to open up a higher pain walk that is just gonna open up everything you don't like about yourself, your engagement, what you think you're worth, your value, speaking value, speaking the truth, putting yourself out there, self confidence, valuing your product, like there's a whole lot of stuff to learn, you're gonna be hitting with pain along the path, along the path, along the path. And when it stops working, instead of looking around and saying every single one of my clients did value me this month instead of saying I do not value me, therefore I do not value my product, therefore I do not value myself, you say it's the economy.

And then you close your business, you've got debt, and you go back to your shitty job. Time and time again, I see this. Time and time and again, well, I've been through the ebb and flow of a successful business. I've watched it drop back. Soon as it dropped back, what am I not doing?

I'm not engaging with compassion. I'm not engaging enthusiasm, my service has dropped off, and I haven't been engaging in my consultations, which means I'm not putting in an effort. My engagement goes up, My business goes up. My income goes up. Suddenly it drops back.

What am I not doing? What am I not doing? I'm not appreciating my staff. I'm taking them for granted. I'm not saying thank you.

They're working overtime. They're not really engaged. They're bringing my business down with negativity. So instead instead of berating my staff, tell them to work harder, I congratulate them. I buy them gifts.

They turn up for work early the next day. The energy clears in my studio. I get this random magic phone call saying, hi, can we have 400 gift vouchers for an event next month? I know it's short notice. Yes, you can.

I can go I can turn the energy in my business overnight, but I take full responsibility for it. Have you ever heard of the theory about it filtering down from your upper management management do not even have to be in the building for the lower management to get the energy of upper management, and you can go into a cafe owned by somebody else and have an incredibly bad experience because the owner of it doesn't care. His staff don't care. His middle management don't care as lower don't care, and it's coming out and fused in all of the service and everything they're saying, and you know it's coming from upper management, I tell you right now, the first thing you will do as a business owner is shift your energy. I need to shift my energy.

And when something is not working for me, it is always reflected in my body, my illness, or my money first Those are the first three points I notice go down. I acknowledge it instantly. I shift it within myself and I watch it shift around me. It is the idea that you can change people's perception of you by changing your perception to them and watching that shift back into alignment. Energetically, it's magnificent.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 12 - If You Hate It, Look at It ====
