==== Start of Transcript: Homework 06 - Self Assured ====

Welcome to video 6, clarity. Clarity is the power. Clarity is manifestation. Clarity is certain ten conviction, clarity is connection and commitment. I want you now to understand that getting lit up about something is one thing prioritizing yourself as the next asking for more is definitely the next step after that but there's this moment now that we have to get some clarity because if we're not really telling the universe what we want, we're not gonna get it no more and no less.

Your homework this week is I need you to get into that multiverse and get very clear about where you're going next. Like so clear that your heart knows your soul knows that you think about it and those goose bumps on your skin? No. So the time has come to get really, really really clear about what you want in your homework. It's and this whole series is who am I and what have I got.

So right now, I know that the greatest transformation in my everyday life is really knowing who to create and knowing how I want to create it. And then I get into alignment with that and I walk towards it every single day. So what do you want, and make sure you know who you are and what you want right now? If you don't know what you want, everybody tells you what you want. And everybody tells you what you should do.

And before you know it, your people pleasing, and then you just living other people's dreams. So remember when I said that the synonyms for manifestation are confirmed to clear demonstrate an embody and let it all hang up because I have to say that because there's so much fun. So I want you just to focus on this with your homework right now because if you're getting to clarity, you're getting to a place where you're ready to confirm something. You're certainly ready to declare something thing. And then you're ready to start living that.

So you're gonna have to start demonstrating it and you're gonna have to start walking towards it, which means your actions and your alignment with your words and what you do every day and the boundaries you're maintaining and the priority that you're making, you're keeping that because you are demonstrating that boundary every single day, and then you get to embody the feeling of what you're creating this success, the connection, the commitment, it all comes into the embodiment of it. So to confirm what I want is certainty. Right? To declare my heart's desire, that is conviction because my heart wants this, you know, you know, how the body does not know that something's happening to you. I talk about confirmation, uncertainty, and conviction, and my skin is like oh, what are we creating right now?

Cool. My body is responding to my own voice, just speaking out something to you. And my body knows this. My cells know this on every level. So my cells are like, oh, she has conviction.

I can feel it. She certainty. I can feel it. And that means I have commitment and concurrency, and I have connection because you can't get to certain team conviction without connection. So right about now, I'm asking you to connect.

There was more connection. So to demonstrate honor my path is connection, to honor my boundaries, my time, that is commitment, and to value myself, and then to embody this new identity and this new path because that is manifestation right there. This is clarity and clarity is power. Clarity is manifestation. So when you look now at all of those ten areas again I wanna know which ones do you have some clarity in?

Which ones have you started to get connections in? Which ones do you feel really strong in. When you're ready to explore each of these areas, go to the multiverse journal and bring this area into your life, bring it around you in the multiverse until you feel your current situation. And while you're in there, ask, what clarity do I feel in this specific area right now, or what clarity do I need in this specific area right now? What do I feel called to confirm in this area of my life right now and if I can't confirm what it is that I want or who I am in this space, why not?

What do I feel called to declare in this area of my life? What boundary needs to be set, what declaration needs to be made, what honor to myself do I need to get to to commit to, to make this area of my life, the way I want it right now, what do I feel called to demonstrate in this area of my life, or what do I want that I'm not demonstrating in this area of my life? Because remember, Nothing is coming to you. It's all coming from you. So that means if you demonstrate the way you want to be treated, that is the way you will be treated.

It comes from you. What do you feel called to embody in each of the areas of your life. So if you want to embody success in your business area, then I want you to sit down and really ask yourself what path am I walking? What is the final result What feeling will I have over there? That's the feeling I bring into my now.

I want to embody respect. I want to body mastery. I want to embody service, and that's something that you feel inside. I want to embody value. So what you really have to ask yourself is what do I need to embody in order to get the feeling that I'm going for right here because you don't work towards a feeling you feel it inside you, you have to embody the energy of what it is that you want to create.

So a lot of people have sort of said to me, well, how do I give more value in my business I'm giving everything I've got. If you embody value, that means you feel value. You feel value. You feel value doing it. You feel value being it, you feel value creating it.

And if you don't feel valuable doing this, you have not connected to what it is that you love doing yet to embody something that you want means to feel it inside demonstrate it, declare it, confirm it, and all of the things that go with it is to to be it. It's to actually be the person that want to become, and then you're just being this successful valuable person in everything that you say and do. So break it down, break down each area. If it's body image, focus on your body image area. What do I need to confirm?

What do I need to to clear what do I need to embody to get to this really amazing place with my own body image? If it's like a career, path that you are unfolding in the multiverse or relationship, just focus on one area at a time Junal it, explore your feelings around it, have unfolding conversations with other open minds or people that can hold space for you without putting in their own opinions and limits and blocks. You know, that's why the multiverse is so incredible because you have unlimited potential in the multiverse. And if you feel stuck or trapped or blocked in the multiverse, you're not in the multiverse. You're back in comparison.

So when I want to create with somebody that can hold creative space for me, they're not gonna shoot back responses to me like oh, how's that gonna work? Or who would pay for that? Or I don't think that would work, or I don't think that would work in your area. Those are just limits and blocks. And those limits and blocks belong to the person who's telling you their limits and blocks.

So unless you have somebody that can really feed your creativity, really sort of whiteboard out fun ideas. It's like walking the multiverse with somebody else is actually more powerful than walking the multiverse on your own. Because creatively, you can inspire each other and give each other ideas but that's not actually what you're doing in the multiverse. In the multiverse, you're not creating ideas. Sure.

You're having a thought walking the path but the reason you're walking this path of unlimited potential is because you're feeling the path. You're feeling, am I on the right path, does this feel right for me? Oh, yeah. I could see that. I've got an audience.

What would that be like to maintain a large audience of people or, oh yeah, you're just you're really just feeling it. You're really just in your zone in the multiverse going is do I want to spend my day working? Do I want to work for 6 hours, or do I want to work for 2? Do I want to work 2 days a week, or do I want to work 6? Do I want to make a $1,000,000,000, or do I just want a sustainable $10 a month?

Like, this is clarity. And until you actually feel the path and work out what feels right for you, what path to what, what lights you up how much money you wanna make and you get so much clarity and connection around those, you can't create it. So this is the moment now. We're getting out of our way. We're getting clear.

We are clearing this path. Oh, I've got the goosebumps again because we're clearing path and nothing excites me more than being in my flow and being in alignment. This is where you're writing your Thrive budget and you're gonna lock it in. What do I want to bring into my life what do I want to prioritize more of? How will I create more time to create the things I wanna create and how will I set the boundaries to stop doing the things I don't wanna do to give me enough time, space, and just energy to create for myself as the main priority in my life.

If you find yourself stuck in the but how, go to the multiverse because in the multiverse, there is no but how there is only creation and I want you in a creation energy, not in a logistics, but how energy. So look at how many things you want on that Thrive list that require you to set some big boundaries. What are they? Are you brave enough to start setting them? Have you started setting already.

Boundaries that you've avoided sitting, maybe, because you don't believe you can, or having conversations that you were maybe too scared to have you know, the bravery and the courage that we all talk about to be more, to become more comes down to having conversation that can be or can feel confronting because emotional confrontation is deeply uncomfortable for lots of people. But when you love who you are, you speak from love. So it's never comparison or you made me feel this way. It's when you said this, I felt this way. And when you love who you are, it's not always about you.

You know, this is really cool meme around that says, my friend has incredible self esteem. I asked her one day, why she has such great self esteem and she said, well, when somebody says something mean to you, you think it's about you and I think it's about them. And I was like, that is such a good metaphor because when you don't feel good enough, your people pleasing, you need validation, it's always about you. You're making always about you and are you good enough? And are you saying the right thing and doing the right thing?

You never feel authentic in the room because you're not being your authentic self. But when you know who you are and teach your babies this, when you love who you are, you stand in a room and you don't think it's about you, you actually look around, you at all the other people that don't know how to love see themselves and you think I can free you because I know how to love myself. And you don't look for validation and you don't not belong in room thinking you've saying the wrong thing or taking up too much oxygen, you just sit there because you know you're worthy of breathing and being there, and you're valuable because you're transmitting energy instead of seeking validation. So look at how many big boundaries you need to set and ask yourself how many areas of my life am I giving myself away? How much of your life?

How many of these areas do have this clarity? That's what I wanna know. And are you starting to get clarity in all of these areas of your life because trust me, once you get clarity, you are manifesting at an exponential rate. This new Thrive life, all these things that you want, all these things that you are going to become all those boundaries you're going to see it in all of the, paths you're going to walk and discover and explore and all of these things. The only thing you have to ask yourself is you write this Thrive list this week is is this Thrive list motivated by love?

Is this new Thrive life that I'm asking for? Is it for me? Oh, I just got all the goosebumps. Am I the purpose in what I want and what I'm connecting to and what I'm asking for because if your purpose is somebody else, go back to the multiverse. This is not your list.

You've written the list for somebody else and that's not how you manifest because you cannot you cannot confirm declare demonstrate and embody any feeling of for manifestation for someone else they have to do it themselves. Yes. You can coach people. Yes. You can inspire people.

Yes. You can motivate people. But you can't motivate people. You can't give people their purpose. They have to find their own purpose.

The purpose is you and the purpose is ever evolving. You are ever evolving. What you want is ever evolving and ever unfolding So is what I want right now motivated by love is my Thrivelist connected to me as their certainty and convict is the connection and commitment? Is it motivated by love? Is it for me?

Is it connected to my sole purpose? Once you tick all those boxes, you, my friend, have clarity and clarity is manifestation and manifestation is momentum and alignment. And when you are in alignment, every single day, you get up and you start winning in every single area of your life. This week's homework video was short only 18 minutes long. It's a very powerful video.

It's stacked full of very, very powerful words. I rewatched it again before I filmed the homework video just to take notes to make sure I'm explaining things properly, there's a lot in that little short video. So watch it a couple of times But really, the essence of this video is you've been through your self perception. Who am I? What have I got?

What do I want? What I gonna create for myself? Now this is really about you locking it in in the most powerful way and the most powerful way to do that is to get to clarity clarity, certainty, conviction, commitment, connection, concurrency, consistency. That is how we show up every day and heart activation, get into alignment with what we want, infuse it with love and self power, and start building the life we really want. Enjoy your homework.

Take me in the group if you have any questions and if you need to talk.


==== End of Transcript: Homework 06 - Self Assured ====
