==== Start of Transcript: Coaching 04 - The In Between ====

Oh, hi, everyone. I am becoming this is video 4. We're in the who am I? What have I got? What do I want?

Series? And video 4 is what I call the in between. It's where we learn about prioritizing ourselves. We're moving towards the Thrive budget. And this is what I call the in between.

This is the place where we really see what we want, We really see what we have, what we do, and don't ask for, So now let's look at what we want. I've read countless times that to create what you want, You can't say I want because just saying I want means you don't have it, and I understand that energy. I want is chasing something that you don't have. And I am and I have is the now So anytime I've read manifestation books or looked and documentaries or anything about creating and manifesting, everyone says you have to say say it like you already have it and say it, but this is not what I'm talking about when I ask you to create the I want list. I get that the brain doesn't know the difference between having it or not having it.

It's the feeling around it. I actually prefer I create. So if you have any trouble writing I want, change it to I create. Because I do I do create it, but at the same time, I want is very powerful for me because I sit down and I think this is what I really want. And I don't say it in a chasing way, or or if wishes were kisses, I know this is a creation list.

And I don't look at this list as chasing it. I simply look at this list as a creation list. I'm exploring the multiverse of what I want. I write this list. This list is gonna change every day and may change every day for the rest of my life because if I want something different tomorrow, I'm going to walk towards it if it lights me up.

I see this as a creation list. I see it as a declaration. It's a declaration to god. You're saying it out loud. It's a declaration to the universe.

But mostly it's a declaration to myself because when I say I want this, oh, I just got goosebumps all over my body. Because I'm so programmed to know when I want something, I put it on my list and I create it. So maybe I've jumped ahead few steps and maybe you can too because it seems like pretty simple advice. I wouldn't have written I wanted back then I would have written I have or I am because these are I am statements, but at the same time, I see that as cognitive dissonance. I would say I I am, and my inside would say, no, you're not.

You don't have it. So to me, I was the opposite. So see how you feel about this? I dunno. This is how I do it.

Let me explain why I see it as a creation list. To me, it's a declaration. It's a declaration. It's certainty and convict conviction. And trust me, you will know when you want something.

It goes on that list. Tomorrow, you won't be bored by it. If you are, take it off the list, it will just ignite you in a way that you will even feel fear or trepidation or extreme fear and panic doesn't matter. You move with fear but you'll still want it. It will activate you.

It will make you goosey all over because that's how it makes me. If the things on this list don't fill me with a assignment and put me back into working on this list tomorrow, then I know it doesn't light me up, and I'll take it off and keep exploring. Again, trust yourself you will know the purpose of this list is to explore it. So change it. Change it every single day if you want to, and till you can't take anything off that list anymore.

If the language bothers you, change it to I create. And if your feelings don't connect to the list. Don't put it on the list. Leave it on the list for a night. Nothing set in stone.

It's just an exploration of South And to give you an example of how I make my lists because I make creation lists on a weekly, monthly, annually big goals basis. Don't worry. We're gonna get to that in daily ritual. We're gonna break that down step by step so that you can create a powerful daily ritual. But first, let's talk about what you want.

I make this list. I change it, and then I break it down into goals. Which I then bring to fruition with joyful focus. And I will read you my new list that I wrote at the beginning this year. I don't mind if you have already started or you want to right now on video 4, start your Thrive budget but that's not what I want you to focus on for video 4.

Video 4 is in between in between what you have now. And the in between to that Thrive budget that you're going to create in video 6. Don't be surprised if this list changes on repeat until you get to video 6, that's okay. I want you to unfold. I want you to spend more time unfolding this list until the list itself lights you up.

Okay? You don't need to jump ahead to your Thrive budget. Slow down a little bit. But if you do wanna jump ahead, it probably means you've already been doing this coaching with me. So you've already been through your want list, but check out the homework download because I think you're gonna find a whole lot more in there than what you've seen already in gonna give you more prompts to really get clarity on this list because once you have clarity, certainty, and conviction, you have alignment.

Okay. There are 2 big, strong lessons here in getting clarity on what you really want. And creating the path to it. That's what we're looking at with this work. We are really getting full clarity on that list is in alignment with what I want, what I really, really want We haven't made a goal yet.

We're just declaring it to ourselves and god. Okay? You don't have to tell the world just yet. It's gonna change again. So don't get ahead of yourself.

Sit with it. Sit with this I want list. Okay? And now start looking at the in between because as you look at this I want list, it going to become your Thrive list. So this is how I wrote my list.

And when I write my I want list, I do not do this slowly. I write the list fast. I try to flow and just say stupid things and some stupid things come out, and I'll just delete them. It doesn't matter. But I wrote this specific list, and it's such an incredible example for you as to how I then break the list down.

Even though we're not breaking it down yet, we're still writing yours but I know sometimes deconstructing helps you see how I'm where I'm going and how I'm getting there. I want to create every day. I want to create wilt free and stress free. I want to be strong, and I want to find a strength building movement that I enjoy. I hate going to the gym.

I don't like to exercise, so I want to find strength building movement that I really enjoy, I want to travel. I don't need intrepid travel anymore. I've been around the world. I want to travel once a year or even twice a year in this country in the US and then once Internationally a year, and I want to have shared experience with family and friends, with that travel. That's what I want with my travel.

I want to live between my beautiful home that I have now, and I want a holiday home at the beach. I want to be able to live between my house and the beach I do live in the desert. So I wanna go back to the water because I grew up at the beach. I want to build self value.com to an abundant flowing income for myself. I want to invest and grow well.

I want to have a world class podcast. I want to publish my self value books. I want to be a 50 and older, 50 plus leader. I want to be a 50 plus influencer icon and speaker for women over 50 so I can empower women over 50 to love themselves and younger women as they come up, of course. I want to be interviewed on international podcasts, and I want to prioritize balance and nurture my creative brain.

I want to prioritize, balance, and nurture my physical body. I want to prioritize balance and nurture my bank account and my income. I want to make sit reels for my Instagram because I'm so passionate about building sets and I really want to share these beautiful crafts I do in my downtime. I want to film a coaching series for self value, already doing that. Daily ritual series, money series, a body series, and I wanna film content curator, the series, because it just lights me so much, teaching people how to, you know, monetize online and create digital products.

So that was my list. Now, I wanna break a few things down for you because at that point, you're kinda like, cool, that Sue's list, when you cannot write an I want list, you have to start with a, I don't want this anymore list. And that tells me that you're stuck on what you don't want anymore, and you haven't even started in your brain to even think that you can get out of this, you're probably stuck in a loop. So if you're stuck in the I don't want this anymore, start writing a list of things you don't want anymore and then turn them into what you want instead of this thing until that I don't want this list is not there. Cause if you focus on that list, you're going to keep empowering that list, and it's a great way for you to understand that you're just stuck focused on what you don't want anymore, and now you've gotta get focused on what you do want.

So sometimes we can't quite write this list that fast. I wrote that list very quickly, There is no clear path forward, when you have no solutions and options. And we really need clarity in order to be able to ask for what it is we need. So until you can get away from that, I don't want this anymore list, you know, you can write the I want list and that's really, really important. We have to free the mind first.

Now interestingly enough, did you notice nothing on my list is emotions. They're all things. They're all things I desire. I don't I don't make goals to feel a certain way. Like, I want to be happy because you can't attract happy, Happy comes from inside you.

It's not something that comes from outside of you and wanting anything on that list that you think will make you happy is not a goal. You have to feel it now in order for anything to come to you in the first place. You've got to feel good about wanting it, you've got to feel good about creating it, and you've got to feel good about asking it. So feel it sit with the the vision of it, sit with the idea of it, sit with, you know, just sit in the multiverse and just explore it, rewrite the list, add more. Remove some, condense some, change the wording on some.

It's your list. Slow down. Breathe. Take your time in the multiverse. This is where you create you.

You know when it's right for you. I know because when I say things that are right, my whole body just goosebumps, and I can feel it So journal each one of these areas, journal, and see what comes up or speak and record yourself, see what comes up read the list every day. Read it until you can really feel I don't really want that. I wanted something around that, or I wanted a feeling around that. You know, read it until the fear becomes excitement.

Read this list to someone that you love if you trust them, but they can't poo poo anything that you're asking for or anything that you want because this is an I want list. Feel your words when you write them and reread them. And feel if they ignite you and empower you because words are so powerful just wanting something is already setting the intention to create it. Video yourself if you can't journal, read the list out loud, explain to the video why you want this thing. Watch yourself.

Watch your body language. Feel the energy of your words feel the energy of your body, you will not the this is really crazy. I'm now gonna bring my list back but you know something that really blew me away as I was writing this, I realized something. Let's have a look. So all these things that I put on my list, all these things that I wrote on my list that I'm about to ask for, Look what I'm asking for.

I want to create every day. I don't want to work. I wanna create. And I want the space to create. I want time to create.

That's a time boundary. And I have to prioritize me in order to set that, to set it in my schedule every day so I started last year, getting up at 5:30 every morning, and I give myself 3 hours of creation from 5:30 to 8:30 every morning, I ride and create. There it is. Right there, all I had to do was set a boundary for my time I also said I want to prioritize balance balance and nurture my creative brain. Well, what better way to do that?

Than to create the time, to create every single day. It's how I wrote all of text for self value, and I met 87,000 words and just over a year of writing every morning. And it fills me with so much joy. Look, Guzman, that I do it every day. So I'm saying what I'm saying is I really just wanted to prioritize me in what I wanted.

Alright? I put on my list, I want to grow self value, to an abundant income. I want to, invest and grow wealth and I want to have a world class podcast. I want to publish and finish my finish and publish my self value books that's all part of creating every day. And those things, all five of those things that I just read to you, don't cost anything.

Would just have to book time, book time to master them, book time to learn them, book time to meet with people that can help me get to the next step and the next step. In fact, the next 9 things on my list was simply maybe I need to just, you know, book time with a financial planner and ask questions about investing then I will start investing. So everything on that list, the first one, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, twelve things on this list are about me prioritizing my time. It was nothing about asking for more money to do this none of these things required money to do these things. So when we get caught up, it's like, can't do these things because they have to work to make money and I don't have time to do what I really want.

And that's getting stuck in what you don't want and not seeing that if I do carve out that hour, I can significantly change this part of my life, significantly change this part of my life. Invest, I would need to book a financial planner. In order to have a world class podcast, I would need to, start one So I did, and I have started, but that was about me booking the time to interview people that I knew would bring incredible self content to that platform, and that's going to launch soon. All of a sudden, I realized that most of the things that I want on this list because I am not prioritizing the time for me to create them, or the space to meet somebody that can help me create them. So wait.

You're telling me I could have 18 things on this list if I start to prioritize them and living with them every day. Well, there's 4 things on that list that do require money. Because I'm asking for something, so I moved those 4 things down under budget. And you'll see in your homework, I've started to separate what you're asking for, how you're asking for it, and what it really represents to you. That's the homework with this.

Video. Okay. So I move 4 things into budget. I want to film 4 self value coaching series before Christmas, before December this year. I want to film content curated this series because it lights me up like no other.

I want to travel and have shared experiences, and that was travel the US and 1 international trip a year. Obviously, my family are in New Zealand, So if I choose to go to Europe 1 year, I'm either gonna have to save for 2 trips or I'm gonna have to not go to New Zealand or meet my family in Europe, whatever, Okay? So I'm putting it on my list because I'm about to ask for extra income in order you know, to, have more things and interestingly enough, when I look at the budget to film the coaching series, when I look at creating the budget in order to film the content curator series because they come with an investment, I'm appeared to make that investment now from my savings because I know both of those things are going to make money for me. Now the irony is it's gonna cost money to make money. The top 2, the first 2 I need to budget for, but they will both make me money.

The bottom 2, the next 2, they cost money, but I want them on that Thrive budget, so I'm asking for that extra. These will cost me money. The weird thing is that if I start looking at that because I'm a systems person. I see everything as a system. Everything to me has to become logic and facts, so then I start to see wait a minute.

If the 4 things are my budget, the top 2 make money, the bottom 2 don't, then which 2 am I gonna focus on first? I'm gonna focus on the top 2 because I'm pretty certain if I can see the connection between what I really want, which is that travel in that house, and what I love to create, which I'm infusing with all of my alignment and joy, then certainly the top 2 would probably start paying for the bottom 2. Oh, can you see a pattern here? I'm solving my own problems in my creation list, but first I gotta write what I want. So focus there.

Don't jump ahead. I know it's hard sometimes. You wanna keep skipping skipping. I've written that already. Until you can sit in front of me, and read that list to me in full heart activation where your goosebumps are firing all over your body.

You're trembling with a little bit of fear and a whole lot of desire. I know that's not alignment. It's just a list. So take your heart, go back to that list, and know this It's got to feel good when you write it. You gotta say, this feels so good.

This feels so right. Oh, let's see. My brain doesn't know that I'm not getting something incredible right now because my brain's just like, This does feel good. Just saying it. This feels so right.

Do you know? Do you know? Do you remember? Do you remember how exciting it is when you find alignment for something you love and something you wanna do and it fills your heart and so on bulls your boots. It fills your boots, and it makes your toes curl.

And it's just so incredible. This is what I've always wanted. Oh, I'm filled up. This is how I feel when I look at my list. My cup, runnth, over.

I feel value here. I feel valued here. I feel valuable. I have more to share. I have more I ask for more It fills me up.

It gives me more. Now I have more to share. I'm a magnet. I'm a magnet because everybody wants that energy. I am transmitting.

I am a magnetic force of love because I am in my flow. I speak it up and out gratitude as a celebration that something you wanted had been received receive it. You gotta receive it. Alright? So this is how I create my creation list the heart is a powerful magnet.

If you can't feel it, take it off the list, or find a way to feel it. The heart is a powerful force. It is your heart activation. Alignment is certainty. I create this.

I think it up certainty. I want this. Conviction. I will create this congruency. It's the next logical step for me, connection.

My heart is activated, commitment, to self. I honor myself, and I step into this energy every day because I'm a creator And when you create your in creation, and any time I feel out of alignment, I know I am not creating So create that list. Feel it. Feel it. Nobody, but you and what you believe is stopping you from bringing this list into fruition.

And when you write that list, date it keep it in an envelope. And, well, not yet, because we're gonna turn it into our big Thrive list. Then you can do that still date it because in about a year from now, maybe even less, you're going to email me or see me or come to an event. And you're going to stand in front of me and read everything on that list, and it's gonna be yours. Because I can feel it.

Enjoy your homework.

==== End of Transcript: Coaching 04 - The In Between ====
