==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 12 - Awareness ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome back to the deep dives. We are on awareness this week, Sue. How are you?

Sue Bryce | Oh, I love awareness. Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | I know this is a really good one. When we when we realized that was the one we were doing this week, we were both like, oh, good.

Sue Bryce | So the next sort of series of videos, all your solutions. So this is where we start getting out of the weeds. I feel like everybody also starts doing the work All of it. It's a lot. You know, there's a lot of content in these first sort of 10, 11 videos.

Sue Bryce | And then all of a sudden you're like, am I supposed to be working through all of my life areas one at a time, and you're really not. These are just highlighting where we get tripped up so that we can go back and really learn more about our car, really start to come to a witness. But now the It starts with a winners and everything after here is about our daily ritual and solution based and moving us forward and So, yeah, this is probably the week where the most this might take a lot of time, and there'll be a whole lot of awareness coming up all day every day around a whole lot of things. This is where you start to come to a winners of the stuff that you're doing wrong, and it feels bad so you don't wanna do it. So it feels like people say the same thing.

Sue Bryce | They say, I thought I was doing really well in this area, and now I've realized I'm doing this, this, and this. And then they say this one thing. I realize I have so much work to do. And I realize that this is not gonna be overnight, and I realize that there is so much work to do. That is not true.

Sue Bryce | You're coming to a witness of a pattern and you're coming to a witness of your behavior, other people's behavior, you're coming to awareness of what you're seeing reflected back at you and you're not liking it in yourself, that's okay. You're bringing stuff to the light all the time. But this idea that you have to work on this for the next 1 year, 2 year, 10 years is a lie the faster can shift your brain and your emotions, you can actually get there tomorrow. You can wake up tomorrow in complete alignment if your paired to let go of the narrative that you stuck on. So awareness for me is the moment we all wake up.

Sue Bryce | Well,

Nikki Closser | I feel like, like you said, patterns, we get stuck in in, like, always talking about what our problem is, what's wrong, you know, the drama and just all of it. And I love this segment so much because it's so much about shifting from that. This is my problem too. This is my solution. I love it.

Sue Bryce | Okay. Focus and emotion is how we create momentum, how we create energy, how we are creating everything right now is what we're focused on, and how we feel about it. So that's not good or bad. You can focus on something really negative like the problem or the drama focus. And you are going to attract more problem, more drama, because that's what you're focused on.

Sue Bryce | And the emotion that comes with that focus is the fuel in your rocket. So if it's stuck on a negative thought and then a negative emotion, you're going be attracting at a negative rate at a great rate of knots. The same way you can attract positive stuff into your life at a great rate of knots when it's a positive focus with a positive emotion. So that means that that awareness is really just bringing us back to what am I focused on and how do I feel about it? Because the longer I sustain this focus, the more I am manifesting creating attracting exponentially in that moment, in that negative So when you think about that, coming to awareness is really first stop is coming to awareness of you know, my thoughts and my feelings, what they're focused on and what they're stuck on, because my thoughts are stuck on a thought, and my feelings is responding to that thought.

Sue Bryce | And if you can change that thought and that belief inside you in that moment, you can shift that emotion. Once you've shifted that emotion, you can get back into alignment. So there are many segments of awareness that people so let's talk about all of them as they come up because I know that you've got them, but you just said the first one, and that's problem focused. Whatever you're focused on, you are manifesting. Now when you wake up and you today's pain and yesterday's emotion or tomorrow's fear, you are now creating your day from yesterday's pain or tomorrow's fear, and it's that simple.

Sue Bryce | You can spend all day here, manifesting more of your today's focus and more of tomorrow's fear, or you can break that and reframe that. So I always say there's a step down from problem focused. First, you get stuck on the problem, and you can't see a way out, right? That's where people say they feel stuck. But when you're drama focused, like, there's drama around you, and you're just focused on the drama, you're actually perpetuating so much trauma and pain in your life in that moment, and you have to really break that cycle.

Sue Bryce | It's no different than poverty. It's something you get tuck in this cycle that feels like it's out of control because drama is problems that are out of control with other people, you know, contributing, and it feels like, judgment, and it feels like rejection, and you're doing everything in your ego to survive and drama. And that's just gossiping and getting alliances and creating more competition in your life. If you see any drama in your life, you are not in alignment. Now problem focused is just when you get stuck on the problem and you just keep coming back to the problem because it's paralyzing often going through that problem is so paralyzing.

Sue Bryce | You'll just keep getting stuck on the problem, and then you'll just perpetuate more problem. So let's come to a awareness in the morning and our daily ritual of what my thoughts are saying and what my feelings are responding to because you know, in order to get to a place where you feel bad, you first had to think bad thoughts You first had to go back to an old bad narrative, an old negative problem focus, an old drama focus, an old belief system of I'm not good enough. This is not working because you've already told a narrative that has started your cycle of not good enough.

Nikki Closser | What you just said though too is the fear too. So I'm thinking when I wake up sometimes, I'm thinking I'm projecting, like, What's gonna happen, you know, the anxiety of what's coming today or tomorrow or next week. You know, it's like I feel like it could be either of those things? What's happened to me before or what I'm afraid is going to happen?

Sue Bryce | And the second you're out of the second you're in the future, so you're in tomorrow's fear or yesterday's emotions. You're not now. You've completely removed yourself from now. And, you know, when you feel that stress, the stress of fear, which is stress because it's worry. You've lost your present moment.

Sue Bryce | You're not living in your now. And when you're now is joyful, When you're doing something in the now that has deep meaning, whether it's working with deep meaning or purpose or, like, spending time with your kids or friends or family or self care, when it's purposeful and it's joyful, you don't spend time in yes today and tomorrow because your right now is so freaking good that there is no tomorrow and yesterday. There is only. Gosh. I want more of this.

Sue Bryce | This is a joyful moment. And, you know, your body doesn't know the difference between a thought and an experience because I'm saying it, and I'm getting goosebumps. Yeah. Because my body is talking about a joyful moment. And I'm responding, you know, we're kinetic beings.

Sue Bryce | We're just so energetic. Even our voices. That's why I say words are so powerful. Because everything you're thinking and responding to and then speaking out is creating this now. Like, how can I talk about being in alignment being in a joyful place where I'm enjoying my day so much, there's no worrying about tomorrow and yesterday?

Sue Bryce | That I'm actually getting a physical response because my brain thinks it's in joy now. I mean, I'm joyfully recording this. Content, which is a place of joy already. I'm joyfully having a conversation with you. I am joyfully with in my house.

Sue Bryce | So I have this gorgeous little studio, and I joyfully have a team of people who come into my house with 1 Sierra who I like. So already, my day is set up to when. I'm around people. I like, I've got people in my world right now that are bringing me joy, but the fact that I can sit here and talk to you about a joyful moment and that my body, my nervous system, is going into a place of joy. Tells me that even thinking about it and saying it brings that to me no differently than thinking a negative thought feeling not good enough, feeling unseen, feeling the struggle, and then not being able to get past it today because I'm so locked into the feeling.

Sue Bryce | That feeling's not mine either. And when we do talk about stuff, our brands don't know the difference between the past And now if you bring back an emotion from 10 years ago and it's trauma, your body thinks it's happening now like my buddy thought we're having a joyful moment. A really joyful moment, and I'm like, that lows my mind, that means it's a frequency we can shift. And if anything, awareness has to bring you to emotional mastery,

Nikki Closser | There was something you said to me a long time ago. Like, speaking of how you said you the words that come out of your mouth, you know, were really important to pay attention to. I remember I had achieved a goal that I was really excited about, and I was like, Sue, I just can't believe it. Like, it's unbelievable.

Sue Bryce | I can't believe it.

Nikki Closser | And you were like, no. No. No. You you ought to stop saying that.

Sue Bryce | You created it. You you created it and you did it. Yes.

Nikki Closser | So stop telling me you

Sue Bryce | can't believe that happened. Right. And the second you tell me it can't believe it happened, you send it back.

Nikki Closser | Exactly. And that has been a huge shift. And it and it it's just a small part of awareness that has made a huge difference.

Sue Bryce | You know what? The better one than than that, the better one than I can't believe

Nikki Closser | it is how Oh, yeah.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So the second I say, okay. What do you what do you stack on? And you go blah blah blah, and I'm holding space. And you go, okay.

Sue Bryce | I really just wanna be here. And and I go, okay. Well, you can create that. Your first question would be how? Oh.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, Ah, we're not to get stuck on the how because the how instantly says I don't believe that's coming to me. So The how is saying, I don't believe it's coming, and then the audacity to ask the universe for something step up and see that and then say you can't believe it, you might as well just send that straight on back. If you say I want a Maserati, but I don't know how that's gonna happen. I've already decided I don't know how it's gonna happen. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Now if I say I want a Maserati, I don't know how I'm gonna get a maserati, but all I know is I will be driving the brand new 2024 Maserati. All I have to do is believe it, and then let it go back out there, not cancel it out with a negative thought, but just leave it in there as desire. No. I'm allowed it. Believe I'm worthy of having it.

Sue Bryce | Know that a situation will arise in the next 2 years where I will have to make a decision about a new car. And then all of a sudden, I'll be standing there in a year and a half, and the opportunity will present itself I'm looking at a brand new Maserati, and I'll look at my husband, and I'll go, I manifested that. You know, because that to me is the moment where We can create whatever we want by whatever we're focused on and however we feel about it. So if I don't know how it's coming to me, I don't believe it's coming to me, or I just even say that I can't believe it, I'm based just saying that I don't believe that that instead of gratitude, so remember gratitude is simply an energy that something you truly wanted has been received. And so the better response would be look what I created.

Sue Bryce | Oh my gosh. It's finally the moment where I feel like I'm breaking through. I'm asking for things, and I'm seeing the evidence that they are coming to fruition. This evidence is coming to fruition, and the crazy part is is I am watching it come to fruition, and I'm almost in disbelief, but then I remember I chose this. I asked for this, and I focused on it every day.

Sue Bryce | I feel like that's the moment where we start to feel bad about getting stuff. We start to think, well, Wait. I'm getting a whole lot of stuff now. Am I worthy of having this? And I have this thing called deservability where it's like, there is no such thing as worthiness.

Sue Bryce | Am I worthy of asking the universe god Allah for what I want. Yes. You can ask for whatever you want. And I always say to people when you ask god for something and you and you get given this opportunity You are the one that denies it by thinking they're not good enough instead of accepting the gift and stepping into it, receiving it, and saying, yes. I deserve this.

Sue Bryce | This is what I've asked for. This is what I deserve. This is what I want in my life. This is the moments I wanna share the experiences I wanna have, the freedom I wanna have, the options I wanna have, the abundance I want and enjoy in my life, like, you can absolutely be okay with having all of those things. Now if for any reason you can't get there because, like, a family member's making you feel bad or you have to, like, maybe outgrow friends in order to have this, you're comparing a lot in

Nikki Closser | our community. Yeah. And people talk about this a lot.

Sue Bryce | But you're comparing yourself And you don't need to. It takes a little bit. You're growing. People who vibrate with you will keep growing with you. Don't compare yourself to what you're getting compared to other people, but it's hard not to.

Sue Bryce | So we definitely slip into that ego a lot. But, yeah, the awareness I really want you to come to every day is to wake up and say, what are my thoughts stuck on? And what am I feelings feeling about that? And how do I get stuck on a positive vibe? Instead of getting stuck in that negative and then perpetuating a cycle of negative in my day.

Nikki Closser | There's a big piece of that segment of the segment of awareness where it's about taking responsibility, you know, and and once you take responsibility, you get that control back. And I feel like it really does start with our thoughts. Like, we can take responsibility in of you know, what we're thinking and what we're doing. And to have that control is just it's such an empowering feeling.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So I had this thing when I was really struggling, and it would be whether I was waking up in the morning and struggling with, putting myself out there and all the new stuff when I was growing and building, And whenever I would be the most challenged and the most alone and the most fearful or the most I can't do this, I would go in, you know, into myself and just quietly, like, lie down and even get fetal and hug myself and go, and I would just go, You can do this. You can do this. You're a tough little bunny. And you can do this.

Sue Bryce | Like, I would just tell myself. I was like, come on girl. Mhmm. You know, you're not you're not living up to anybody else's expectations. You're just blazing a trail, so blaze a trail.

Sue Bryce | You can do this. Oh, there's so much self

Nikki Closser | love in that too. Like, so much support and just

Sue Bryce | Self Kia, self soothing, self trust, We've betrayed ourselves. I want this, but I can't have it because we're constantly betraying ourselves. What we really want and we don't trust ourselves. We make goals that we don't really want, but we think that they're important goals. I'm gonna run a marathon and I'm gonna lose a £100 and all these stupid goals that we think will bring us more attention more love and then we fail at them and then hate ourselves.

Sue Bryce | Like, we betray ourselves all the time. And another awareness after you my thoughts and my feelings, the second awareness is I don't have to believe them, and I can change them. The third one is what story do I attach to the most, because there'll be one story that you attach to when you feel bad, that you love so much. That's your poor me story. Number 4 is what's your avoidance.

Sue Bryce | So you're gonna feel that, go straight to your avoidance. Just name the baby. What is your avoidance? I'm an eater. It's that simple.

Sue Bryce | I still to this day when I can't process something, we'll go and over eat something. It's my process of self care. It soothes me. It brings my anger down because it stuffs my anger. Down into my belly, into my liver, into my gallbladder, and into my digestive system, and then it upsets my tummy for 3 days.

Sue Bryce | So learning how to not do those behaviors, sure, their awareness. So now we're at number 5. We haven't even got out of bed yet. Because we're first aware of, you know, our thoughts, our feelings, what we're creating in our day. Now we're becoming aware of what we believe this stories we're attaching to.

Sue Bryce | And when we're most uncomfortable, what do we do for avoidance? Though all of those stages, now we can get out of bed. I always love that prayer. It's like dear god today. I have not gossiped or bitched or moaned or eating chocolate cake or spent on my credit card or gone to my avoidance behaviors, but I am gonna get out of bed soon.

Sue Bryce | And I will need some help with the rest of the day. Okay. So then the awareness of self is, like, the first things we need to work on. Now after we get out of bed, the awareness of how other people are seeing us, perceiving us, treating us, how we're received in the world, how much love we're getting the resentment we have towards our partner because that holds our greatest emotional truth. Suddenly this awareness that you have is to your thoughts and feelings, are being shown back to you.

Sue Bryce | And that's why I say the world is responding to your emotion.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And then you'll realize that it all comes back to those first five steps before you get out of bed.

Nikki Closser | The whole mirror, like, you were just talking about mirror mirror. I know that's how you often refer to it. This has been a big game changer for me as well. Just throughout the years where if there's a v okay. There's one there's actually one that you talked about that I have been really cognizant of myself is when You might get irritated that people aren't listening to you.

Nikki Closser | They're just talking over you, and they're not listening to me. Well, maybe it's because I'm the one who wasn't listening and who was interrupting or talking over people, and that is something I've paid so much. I'm such a better listener now.

Sue Bryce | Same.

Nikki Closser | And I get so much more engagement and response and feedback. And once I became aware

Sue Bryce | of that, there's so many different things. To talk back. I I realized that, listing is so powerful in terms of how it energetically holds space for another person, whether they're a stranger or a friend, it's so powerful that in being in that moment of listening to them, it brings so much engagement back to you that I didn't need to be talking. My need to be talking was that people would get to know me and bond with me and And but the truth is is when you truly listen, when you truly are present in conversation, it's a game changer because it brings somebody to a full like, awareness in connection with you. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And, yeah, I did that with my clients. I did that with my friends, and I learned how to definitely be more engaged in my listening and and myself.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. And that was just one example. I mean, there are so many examples of things that we get irritated by that other people do when in reality, we have to look in the mirror and see. Is that something that we do as well?

Sue Bryce | My last question, after I dropped that bomb, everyone was like, Okay. So I have a lot of questions about that. Looks like this. The only time mirror behavior you need to look at somebody else's behavior is when it annoys you. Because when it annoys you, when somebody's behavior annoys you, you are seeing something in them that is mirroring something in you.

Sue Bryce | That's all. And if it annoys you a little bit, You do it a little bit. And if it annoys you a whole lot, you do it a whole lot. Now It's it's hard when you first start, but this changed my life. Because in my mind, I was like, anything you say about me holds more truth about you.

Sue Bryce | So that means anything I say about you holds more truth about me. So now I only want to acknowledge all the great things about you because that means those things are in me. And if I acknowledge the bad things about you, I have to acknowledge that I must do them too, or I wouldn't see them as judgment or behavior. It's that simple. So what is it that this person is doing?

Sue Bryce | And how are you doing that as a mirror in your own life with your own time, with your own And it takes a little bit of uncovering, but it's always right in front of you.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And it's

Nikki Closser | part of that another big part of taking responsibility so that you can take control back.

Sue Bryce | You're exactly right. Responsibility is if it's my emotions and my narrative, it's my loop, it's my story, and it's my brain, That means it's happening inside you. Nobody is doing that to you. You're the one that leaves with the thoughts and the feelings and then gets stuck in them, that's you. So you really have to even look at somebody's behavior that's upsetting you And when you leave and you're still upset, it's because you haven't done something.

Sue Bryce | You haven't communicated a boundary, obviously.

Nikki Closser | That's a big one.

Sue Bryce | Or you haven't been honest about the situation. So you're not communicating at all, and then you're looking at someone else's behavior and you're annoyed by it when you leave, well, they're happy. So it's only hurting you. And if it's only hurting you, it's because there's something about that you need to learn. There's something about what that person's doing you need to see, and there's something about what they're doing that's annoying you.

Sue Bryce | And if you look in the mirror, you'll find it because it's not them. It's the mirror to what they're doing that you don't like in yourself. Now we can call the shadow parts or whatever they call it. I know that there's lots of different names for the parts we hide. And I always say bring it to the light.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Now I love you as a friend. And so to me, I'm okay if you talk about something shameful. I'm not gonna shame you and say, oh, you should be ashamed of thinking things like that. Like, I'm gonna love you and hold space for you.

Sue Bryce | So when you bring a shame to the light and you say, oh, I'm bringing this. I can't I do this. I do this thing. And I laugh and go, oh, I do that too. You instantly feel okay about the shame that you thought was your private little shame.

Sue Bryce | And everybody has it. Everybody carries all the shame about stupid stuff. Mhmm. It's like you bringing it to the light and and, you know, it's like, come on, Nikki, drag out that ugly thing, that

Nikki Closser | big scary thing, and

Sue Bryce | you drag it out. It's like this big monster. And then everyone looks at it with their torch on and goes, you know, this is not that scary. I have one too. And you're like, wait, everyone feels like this.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm not a freak show? No. We're all freak shows.

Nikki Closser | Well, yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. If it's okay. We're all definitely freak shows.

Nikki Closser | I guess it that it it's almost seems like for some people to have self reflection, and I've been there, you know, to have self reflection to admit that there's something I need to do or change. I need to do differently or change or whatever, and I'm impacting my life negatively. It's like it's too painful for people to even go there.

Sue Bryce | Punch.

Nikki Closser | It's it's so strange.

Sue Bryce | So you'd rather blame everybody around you?

Nikki Closser | Yes. I mean,

Sue Bryce | take responsibility of your own thoughts and feelings and your own thoughts and feelings have created such a narrative that they really okay. Let's take your feelings out of for a moment, that's, like, muzzle my feelings in the car. And, you know, they're still jumping up and down because their feelings They don't stop their feelings. They just respond. We have to look at my thoughts.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Just look at what my thoughts are stuck on. It's an old story, mom's voice, dad's voice, somebody else's narrative, a fair narrative from the backseat, Doesn't matter. Someone's talking and you're responding to that voice. That's in your head.

Sue Bryce | Weirdly. Okay. Well, this is something that I've coached thousands of startup businesses and putting yourself out there online is a big thing.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. But

Sue Bryce | the weird thing is is I always say to people, what do you fear most that people will say about you online? And they always tell me their top 3 greatest fears. And I'm like, okay. You know someone's gonna save us. Great.

Nikki Closser | Some points, someone's gonna be a hater.

Sue Bryce | They're gonna say it real quickly because those are the three things you're looking for. Those are the three things you fear the most. Those are the 3 things you're looking for more evidence of, and those are the 3 energies that you believe will hurt you the most and what you fear you will attract. So let's get this really clear. The second you identify a behavior and you identify what that is, you're going to attract multiple situations that day, the next day, that week, that month, that give you more evidence that that is true and that is your identity.

Sue Bryce | So it's that simple. You've gotta stop and just shift that frequency straight away so you can become aware of an old narrative. You can say, like, hey, Nikki, I'm going through something, and it's really I'm really trying to process it. I'm seeing it in other people. I'm I'm not working out how I'm seeing it in myself, but I just know I'm doing this behavior.

Sue Bryce | And the narrative I keep getting stuck on is and say it. And when you say it, it's almost like, I just keep getting stuck on this narrative that I'm not good enough and you start saying it, and then all of a sudden you hear it, and you're like, oh, this is the voice of fear. This is the voice of my mountain. This is the voice of You just hear it coming out of your mouth. So the mirror is to just become aware that whatever you're seeing around you is just a reflection coming back to you of something you need to do.

Sue Bryce | Now that also could be because a lot of people asked, what about if somebody's doing this? And I was like, well, have you confronted this person and told them a boundary of don't do that anymore? And they're like, no. And I said, well, go and do that and then come back and tell me what the awareness is. Like, sometimes it's because we're not standing up to someone.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Or we're not communicating honestly about a situation or we're not setting a boundary.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Why why do we do that? Why do we not set the boundaries?

Sue Bryce | You know, we avoid conferences coming

Nikki Closser | and were people pleasers?

Sue Bryce | Oh, yeah. Boundaries is coming. Let's not getting into boundaries right now because boundaries, I believe, is pretty much the life changer of moving forward. It's then putting up a very clear boundary about what you'll no longer tolerate in your life. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Boundaries an entire segment. Okay. So awareness of when you have no boundaries, so maybe keep that journal. I don't want this anymore in my life. And in order to not have that, I would have to set these boundaries.

Sue Bryce | And you're just coming to awareness of the boundaries you will need to sit and how difficult that will be. Because setting boundaries when you're a people pleaser, saying no when you've been saying yes, to make people like you is really difficult to do, but you're gonna get there because I am a recovering people pleaser. And I'm doing really well. But if I was, you know, to sort of parallel my people pleasing recovery to like, how fast does it work? It is deeply ingrained in me to be a people pleaser.

Sue Bryce | Same. I still don't get to change the people pleasing behavior until they feel resentment. And by the time I'm at resentment, I have already broken through to the boundaries. So I am constantly turning my electric fence on. I call it turning on my electric fence.

Sue Bryce | That we'll talk more about boundaries. Okay. Oh, can we talk about I know we talked about this in, in relationships and love, but can I just come back to the one thing you said when you The thing that you resent about the person you love holds your greatest emotional truth? So if we come back to just the mirror of that, A lot of people have a big problem with their partner around change. So you're trying to do something like change some behavior or you're trying to build a business or you're trying to, you know, leave the kids to go and get a job or you're trying to do something and your partner is the one that's not growing.

Sue Bryce | They're stuck. They're stopped. I just wanna bring you back to a mirror that will really be a game changer in your relationship. And that is, if you are upset that your partner's not moving, you're not moving. And if you're upset that your partner's not doing the work, you're not doing the work.

Sue Bryce | And if you're upset that your partner is not giving you the right amount of love, you're not giving yourself the right amount of love. And if you think your partner is disrespecting you, you're disrespecting you. The mirror to our partner is our greatest mirror. There is so much going on that we will put on this per whoever that person is.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And there is so much we'll blame them for that is us not moving. It's so crazy. And this is where when you are in a relationship with someone and you feel completely stuck in that static relationship and you're not connecting and there's resentment, pull that resentment up and output on the table and look at that resume and write out all the things you resent about your partner, straight out, write them out, don't tell them, Just write them out for you. Mhmm. And then look at that and hold up a mirror and say, am I doing these things?

Sue Bryce | Am I being in these things? And you are, you're being all of them. And, you know, even when, like, we had a year after we sold the business where both my husband and I floundered, we just floundered to what do we do next? And is this something we build a new business, or do we, you know, what do we go and get a job? Do we retire?

Sue Bryce | And I got so frustrated after a year and a half, and I was just blaming him. I was blaming him for not moving him for not choosing some nothing new. You know, and I even started to say things to him. Like, go and do something with your daylight. You feel wayly stuck.

Sue Bryce | I was saying things to him. But it was me. And then somebody came up to me at a talk and asked that question about seeing resentment in my partner. And I said, well, what you resent about them holds your greatest emotional need, and the second it flew out of my mouth, I just went,

Nikki Closser | oh, great.

Sue Bryce | Oh, I'm doing that. So I went home, you know, from that conference and then that workshop, and I said to my husband, you're not moving. And he just looked at me like this, and I said, that means I'm not moving. You're not connected. That means I'm not connected.

Sue Bryce | You're not changing. It means I'm not changing. And I was like, I'm so sorry that I've been seeing that in you when I realized right now it was me. So I started building self value because I was like, Here I was. I know all these answers, and I'm still stuck in that I don't know what to do.

Sue Bryce | And the truth is I knew exactly what to do. And I wanted to do it, but I just got a little bit stuck on what he wasn't doing. And, you know, at the end of the day, You are there to love yourself more in your relationship, regardless of what your relationship is, but the more that you see yourself reflected back and work on filling yourself up, the deeper and better that relationship gets. It's just like almost like magic when you stop presenting them for something that they're not even doing. Weirdly, I say not even doing, they're definitely doing it.

Sue Bryce | That's why you're seeing it. But you're seeing it because you're being it.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. And that's a good clarification. Yes.

Sue Bryce | Bad doing it.

Nikki Closser | Right. This is a good clarification. I think sometimes we, like, get into this. It's almost like a habit. Like, I'll find myself in this kind of, like, What is this person doing wrong?

Nikki Closser | Right? Like, I know they're doing something wrong, and I'm in this, like, space and nothing. They're not doing. Like, nothing's even happening. I feel like this is one of those habits that we really have to become aware of that we're doing and just snap out of it.

Nikki Closser | Like, why am I living in this? It's a habit. It's a habit.

Sue Bryce | You've lived in a poor me, like, I lived in a poor me for a long time. It's really easy when you get, to blame other people for your poor me.

Nikki Closser | Looking for something that the source is doing wrong.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. That's so hard to see that mirror. It's so hard to see the mirror to you because you're just blaming them. You blame them for everything that they're not doing or everything that they are doing, and you just don't see that it's you. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But, you know, when you leave somebody and you go away and you still have emotions, that's because those emotions are yours. Not those per That person might trigger those emotions in you, but they're yours. And what they triggered was not the emotion. They triggered an old story in you. That you're responding to emotionally.

Sue Bryce | So let's get that fact straight. And once you learn that they're triggering you, why are they triggering you. And then you could go, because they're doing this, this, and this, and then you go, am I doing this, this, and this? Mostly, it's what they're not doing. Which is what you're not doing.

Sue Bryce | So again, when I first got into my relationship, And I said on stage, he doesn't love me enough. It's I was doing that. I was seeing that I wanted more from him, but I wasn't giving it to myself. I wasn't asking for it from him. I was just expecting that he would be giving me this fulfilling love, and I just wasn't giving it to myself.

Sue Bryce | So that was hard because all I saw was a poor me. He doesn't love me. That was the bottom line. And if you get to the bottom line, you know, that's when I look at you and I'd go, Nicky, what's the bottom line? What's the belief here?

Sue Bryce | He doesn't love me enough because I'm not enough. Well, the only way you could change that is to feel like enough in yourself. That person can't make you enough. They will never be able to make you enough. You don't believe you're enough.

Sue Bryce | That's why you're looking for it. That's why the mirror showing back to you is what you now have to start doing for yourself. That doesn't mean the person who is marrying back to you won't shift because the second your energy shifts, they'll shift. That's the crazy part. You don't have to get divorced.

Sue Bryce | You're quite surprised how when you shift your energy and see something different in them, you will see something completely different and fear energy will shift to, or you will grow a part in a loving way. Because when you no longer blame someone and you just have acceptance and love for them, it's there's no There's no fight. There's no struggle. There's no resentment. There's only peace.

Nikki Closser | So much of what you just said goes back to the whole, like, We look for outside of validation, and we need to stop doing that. Wow.

Sue Bryce | It's just Okay. Let's break that down. In order to survive your brain, contrast, and compares. Someone comes towards you on the street, are they safe? You're a woman.

Sue Bryce | They're a man. It's dark. The streets alone. What do women think? Is this a safe situation?

Sue Bryce | Alert, alert contrast, compare? Okay. That is a risk assessment. You walk into a room, you're prettier, younger, you know, your everything in society that is better than me and you sparkle at my husband. My husband sparkles back.

Sue Bryce | I feel fair. Like, we contrast and compare. That's how we know who we are, where we are, where we fit in, who likes us. Are we safe in the tribe? Are we accepted?

Sue Bryce | Everything is contrast and compare risk assessment for fear. Fears it's in the back seat keeps us alive. That's how you're biologically wired. So that means when you're in a state where you're making up your own truth and you're here, like, I'm not good enough. You walk into a room and you're looking for your ego.

Sue Bryce | You're looking for someone to say, oh, you're the best looking. You're the cutest. You've got the hardest body. Whatever your thing is, you're looking for that. You're the smartest.

Sue Bryce | You're the richest. You know, you are the most successful. Whatever you're is you're looking for evidence of that and if you don't get it or if you feel bad about that, you'll see evidence mirrored back to you that you're not those things because you're in your ego How? If you walk into a room so filled with contrast and compare, can you possibly be even present in conversation? You can't because you're so interested in how other people are perceiving you in this room.

Sue Bryce | Right? And so human beings are selfish. We are so selfish. We love talking about ourselves. We like all the energy towards us.

Sue Bryce | We like our needs being met how we like them being met, even if we can't demonstrate them or, emotionally ask for them. We're just selfish narcissistic, the world revolves around new people. So all you're seeing out there is a reflection of what's going on in here. How about we change what's going on in here? The biggest awareness you need to come to is acceptance, and that's the next segment.

Sue Bryce | Acceptance and boundaries get their own segment because they're the 2 things, the 3 things, awareness, acceptance, boundaries will change your life. These will change your life because you will come to so much awareness of how you are stopping money, how you are blocking love, how you are blocking your path forward just because of your own thoughts and your own feelings, and you can shift that and change that.

Nikki Closser | So true. Absolutely. That's the best. And having that control and knowing that it's me that I'm I can do it. I I don't have to rely on anybody else to change it for me.

Sue Bryce | And I'm okay. Great. It's yeah. Regardless of what I find out about myself in this moment.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | I'm okay. Like, finding out that I'm the finding out that I'm the problem in this situation, I always say to people, you've all got that one friend, right, that just sucks the life out of you. Like, it's their vampires, and everybody's nodding in the crowd. And I'm like, yeah. That's, It could be you.

Sue Bryce | You could be the born payer, and everyone stops nodding and saying, I don't really know any vampires. And it's so and it and it can be you. Now when I was stuck in a drama focused, I had drama all around me, and I was like, there's so much drama in my life, but I was constantly in it with other people. I was constantly part of it. So I was one of the vampires and, you know, acknowledging that was tough, but then I also learned I didn't have to be anymore.

Sue Bryce | I didn't need to connect with people in a negative way. I could absolutely choose how to live my life and how to speak to people and what energy I did wanna bring into the room or what I didn't wanna bring in. That took me a long time.

Nikki Closser | But you you can always change it. You can always change it.

Sue Bryce | You can change your thoughts, and then you can change your feelings. So worst awareness is what what am I waking up in yesterday's emotions or, you know, fear? Come back right to this present moment, coming to that awareness of, you know, what I'm creating for my whole day now. The the energy that I set in the morning and my daily ritual is gonna set me up and my family and my work colleagues and my clients because it's gonna attract and attract energetically. And magnetically, your goal is to get up in the in the morning and get yourself into alignment as quickly as you can.

Sue Bryce | We can get everything that you want so that you can stay in the present moment.

Nikki Closser | I love it.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Perfect. And create in the present moment, and that's the most exciting part.

Nikki Closser | Yay. Awesome. Next week. Oh gosh. What did we just say next week is?

Sue Bryce | Acceptance.

Nikki Closser | Acceptance. Yes. I just had a total brain fart. Yes. Next week is acceptance, etcetera.

Sue Bryce | Is coming to acceptance of everything you are in the moment that you come to a witness and decide that if it's not other people and it's you, then it hurts. And I just wanna say it. It hurts. It's where people tell me they have to do the most amount of work. And remember, it's not Just saying that it's you is the most freeing thing that you will experience, and you're okay.

Sue Bryce | You're still perfect. You're still amazing. You're still an incredible human being. You've just been doing some dumb stuff. It's not who you are.

Sue Bryce | It's just something you do. Like, your avoidance. It's not who you are. It's something you do. And you do it to originally so that you feel good.

Sue Bryce | So there was always a love at the base of that coming to a awareness of what you're saying, what you're saying, what you're being, can be hurtful, at first, but I want you to know that every horrible, scary thing that you hide. Every dark thing that you hide, I've done it. I've seen it. I've done it. I've been it.

Sue Bryce | And I'm okay. I have stolen things as a kid. I've done bad things. I have experience self correcting guilt over bad behavior, over drama behavior, over gossiping about people, I've been caught gossiping about people. I've done horrible things in my life.

Sue Bryce | I've lived through horrible patterns that sustained me and saved me in my darkest moments. I have been a bad person in areas of my life. Mostly to myself more than anybody, and I'm forgivable. I'm okay. Like, I'm good.

Nikki Closser | I'm

Sue Bryce | a good person. And you've gotta remember that whatever you're uncovering about what you don't like, you're simply accepting that and bringing it to the light. Good that you can really love who you are.

Nikki Closser | It makes me think, Sue, of, like, when I'm talking with my kids and they do something, you know, a behavior that is just not okay. I talk about the behavior. It's not them. It's it's what they've done that was wrong or bad or whatever has nothing to do. They're not bad.

Nikki Closser | It's almost like we need to remind ourselves of of that.

Sue Bryce | That is. Also, why did you choose to do that? Like, what was going on that you needed to do that? And just so I know that it's something I went here because I wanted your attention or I went here because I needed

Nikki Closser | what need was being.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. What needs that that there for you to do it. But also, like, anything that's correcting my children they're learning for the first time what's socially acceptable and what's not, because all three year olds are narcissists. Yeah. They really are.

Sue Bryce | I mean, it's, I'm hungry. I'm cold. I need to sleep. I'm having a tantrum. You know, like, they pretty much dictate wherever you are because they're just in their feelings.

Sue Bryce | Like, they're just completely in their emotions. But as they start to, you know, between that that age of two and seven, when you're just constantly in them right and wrong, you know, you've, yeah, you do have to be careful about what right and wrong, because right and wrong comes with good and bad. Mhmm. And if they know I'm a good child and this happens and I'm a bad child, then it's a good bad thing, and it's and it grows up to be a good bad adult. And, you know, you say it too, like, oh, I'm I'm bad because I'm eating this way in front of your kids or my body is bad, and you don't accept your body.

Sue Bryce | You're saying my body is bad. And they're just constantly seeing this good bad. And, yeah, there is good behavior, and there is bad behavior. And I know that you're not supposed to reward good behavior, because it's constantly saying good and bad. So to me, I feel like you're teaching them what's right and wrong, but at this same time you've teaching them how to self regulate their own behavior in a way that they feel good about themselves when they apologize for something, Not apologizing because they were told they should apologize because that's a bad thing to do, but, you know, I didn't want this person to feel that way.

Sue Bryce | Yes. I feel bad about that. You know, you're kind of teaching them what is acceptable and what is not. It's a slippery slope, isn't it? We're not.

Sue Bryce | There's no manual for children. You only, I mean, you can read a whole lot of psychology books and I know there's some incredible parenting ones out there.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. I mean, you know, we have a master's in social work. I was a school social worker. I wrote behavior plans, and then I have my own kids, and it's like it all And, like, what am I supposed to do again? You know, like, it seems so much easier.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. When I was telling other parents what to do.

Sue Bryce | Dre was, like, eighteen months old and I don't remember. They they went little. Both were little, and you were like, you know, I could have written a plan for both of them. I know how to do that. And I'm like, yeah.

Sue Bryce | I don't know.

Nikki Closser | It's crazy.

Sue Bryce | Gonna work when it's not your child, but, I feel like You know, the shame we put on children is the biggest one. When your children do a behavior that is specifically shameful to you. Like, you're out in public. They do something or say something shameful or hurtful to someone else. Your reaction is in shame.

Sue Bryce | That's the hardest one, right? Because you'll throw shame in that moment that is not theirs. It's shameful their behavior. So you almost have to come to a awareness of what their behavior is and how you're processing the behavior. Like, are you saying it's right or wrong?

Sue Bryce | Good and bad? Or because you were like, that is bad behavior, and you shouldn't do it. Like, you'll now correct yourself and go, oops, I can't say that because it's it's upset me, the mirror is I'm upset that they did this behavior because it made me look bad.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | Right. You know, you can put that on your children way faster, I think, then you can actually teach them good and bad in what's right or wrong, is responding emotionally yourself and becoming aware that what you're saying to them is actually your emotional self talking.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You know, your child embarrasses you or says something terrible, your instant reaction is to feel shame to yourself and then respond to your child in a way that you just put me in a situation where I felt shame.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | And feeling shame is the closest thing you can feel to rejection. So you literally were about to be rejected socially, because of something your child did, and you're not gonna process that well. Who is? So you're gonna put a whole lot of shame on this kid. And this kid's gonna grow up thinking, alright, I know what shame feels like.

Sue Bryce | How many times did your parents or social curators or adults and ran you through shame on you for something that they were so ashamed of in themselves, and you wore that carried that for life. So as you are processing awareness, come to awareness every day that often the story you keep looking for is not yours. Remember, you inherited that. It's through a filter of your past, find out what the story is, bring it to the light. It's okay.

Sue Bryce | I think of that big blue monster in monster, zinc.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | He's super big and scary, and you drag him out. But when you do, he's just a beautiful big soft cuddly monster. And you're the one hiding him. If you don't think that monster's shameful anymore, And he's not shameful anymore. And whatever the closet of shame that we carry is is I truly know that no matter what you've done in your life, you can forgive yourself and you can bring the shame to a light where other people will show you that's nothing to be ashamed of.

Sue Bryce | You've got this. A big

Nikki Closser | way to sum that up.

Sue Bryce | So how about number 1 awareness comes down to every single day? I am becoming aware of my thoughts in the car because my feelings are the three year old that's responding to my thoughts. So let's just focus on my thoughts first.

Nikki Closser | Sounds good. It's a plan. Awesome. We'll see you next time.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 12 - Awareness ====
