==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 04 - Supporting Pain ====

Now, this is a poem by Rumi. And of all the things I could think of with 90 seconds, you're gonna let it in. This came to me. And I think this is glorious. I love rumi.

I love poetry. This to me was the answer to how I was feeling in any moment. This being human is a guest house, and every morning a new arrival, a joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor. Welcome and entertain them all. Even if they are a crowd of sorrows who violently sweep your house and empty of its furniture.

Still treat each guest honorably. He may be clearing you out for some new delight the dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes because each has been sent as a guide from beyond. Now, the next time you feel fear, you're gonna open the door and say I've been waiting for you. I can't possibly get to the next level in my business or my career without you.

So let's have a talk. The next time you feel self hate, you invite her in. She's a nasty piece of work, but you just look at her and you say, oh, we're old friends. Come in. I get you.

I remember you. The next time you feel shame, that's gonna hurt when you open that door. Can you fill that door, or that one made me feel like like a wave of pain as I open that door. Shame is standing there. Anger.

Can you just imagine opening that door to anger and being terrified or rage? So whatever the feeling you need to allow it in for 90 seconds and you're going to be okay, Now you may go to your coping mechanism because that's something you know. And you may go to food or alcohol, or you may go to spending. Interestingly enough, the friend of mine that got the cold who didn't wanna face her bank account and her money avoidance went out to distract herself and spend a $100 on a dress in a store. That's hers that was her at 7 biscuits.

Clearly, she's thinner than me and has a nice dress. But we all choose our poison. Right? I mean, at the end of the day, what I'm asking you to do is choose your pain. So when I ask you to choose your pain, does it suddenly make you think, am I I'm choosing this?

I'm in control. Now these are not gonna happen to me. I'm not gonna be out of control. You're out of control when you avoid it. Okay.

So I'm telling you right now, choose your pain. Do you feel a little bit more comfortable that you get the choice? Now if you become as successful, you are going to become as successful as the amount of pain you're willing to endure. Can you imagine having 1,000,000 of dollars 1,000,000,000 of dollars, having the responsibility of a 1000 staff of 20 staff, of 10 staff, 2 staff. Are you prepared for that responsibility?

Are you prepared to be a philanthropist? Are prepared to have people around you that just want your money? Have you prepared to become more successful than your family and losing your tribe, your identity, have you prepared yourself for becoming more financially successful than your brothers and sisters? Have you prepared for the life you've always dreamed of, but you can't have it because you have a baby brother or a baby sister that can't make ends meet, and it's very hard for you to allow abundance and success into your life when he can't buy food. Like, are you actually choosing the pain you want?

Because it's unavoidable. And now I want you not to be afraid of the pain. You're gonna get it anyway. There is no way around it. So the more I push into my career, the more I expand myself, the more I speak, the more I open up, the more I share about my life the more pain I get, and there are days where that pain cripples me.

I can wake up on a beautiful Thursday in Los Angeles at 78 degrees, folks with blue skies for the whole day, and somebody just said something really nasty about you on Facebook, and it's gonna hurt all day. And you're probably going to be confronted with a whole lot of pain that you didn't expect on Thursday on a sunny Thursday in Los Angeles And my whole day is ruined because somebody reflected back at me that I still carry pain around this situation. Why? Why do we create negative in order to force change? So instead of waking up one day and going, I don't wanna do this job anymore.

I hate it. I hate my boss, I hate my life, I hate my body, and I really I'm really tired of crying every day on my way there, I think I'll go and get a new job. Why don't we just do that? You know, why? Because we would rather stay in knowing visory, then seek unknown joy, but here's the best part.

You have to create negative in order to force change, because then somebody else will take responsibility for you. You see, when you're in pain and you can't deal with it any longer, somebody will look at you and say, you need to leave that job. And you go at this. I can't. I don't have enough money.

And they go, I will give you money, and you go, really? And of course, the greater the pain, the more support you get, until somebody doesn't support you. And when you start to use that fear and use that pain as a crutch where you know people are supporting your pain, because you know that people are supporting you emotionally, they're supporting you financially and you relax into it? You have lost all control of your life. Because wherever you are disempowered, somebody else will take the power.

And what you're saying is I don't want this pain, look how much pain I'm in, and somebody's gonna relieve my pain. Somebody's gonna take my pain away. Somebody's gonna manage my pain for me. And then all of a sudden, the person who is taking power in your life is not you, and trust me. It works beautifully until you want the power back.

And here's the thing about the power, all of a sudden you're like, you disempower me to the person who has the power, and they're like, well, you kinda handed it over, and I took charge. And it's all good and well until you don't want them to make your decisions anymore. So We're all trying to manage our current pain. We're all terrified of more pain. Who supports you when you're in pain?

Because I'll tell you something coming from a life of My gallbladder had collapsed. I was sick. I was broke. And I hated my job. And it occurred to me in that moment after 12 weeks off work where people were giving me money for rent I had exhausted my support.

There is a time when you will exhaust your support. Now we all know that person that needs a lot of support that is always getting support and when you stop supporting them, they find somebody else, I had exhausted that. Like, I had exhausted the somebody else. I had one option, and that was to come out swinging if I was gonna change anything. Because my friends had no money, my family had no money, and I literally had nowhere else to go.

And I think the most extraordinary growth happened to me in that moment. That's our tipping point That's our point of desperation and listen to what I'm saying. People talk about the tipping point all the time. What's your point of What's your tipping point? What's your point of change?

What's your point of I can't take this anymore? And here's the best part. You only change it. When there's nobody there to support it anymore. Isn't like this the worst part of ourselves.

We're hearing the worst part of ourselves. You actually only had a tipping point, when there's nobody else to tip it. That's your tipping point. So I had 2 tipping points in my life That was my first one. The second one was when I failed, when I first moved to Australia, I had $3 50, and, I'm sorry, I had $5 I had to pay $3 50 to catch the bus.

I had a dollar 50 left. There was nobody that I could call and ask for money. And in that moment, that was my second tipping point, it again, the moment I realized there was no support coming. None. No lifeline.

And suddenly in that moment, I that we do this to so many different degrees. Some people do it a little bit. Some people do it a lot, but you are all to some degree manipulating somebody around you to get your needs met, and the needs met is who is helping you manage your pain. Where there was nobody to manage my pain but me. And nothing happened to me.

Nothing bad happened to me. I lay in bed and I cried for 3 days, and then I made a decision and I got up. And I was like, stood there, I stood there at the end of my bed and I yelled and yelled and yelled at the universe. I said, this is what I need from you right now. I am not walking towards my true path.

I am not living my dreams. I am not being the person I want to be. I am not being, doing, seeing, saying things I wanna be, I am hiding, and I am still still not walking to what I want. And today, I make a decision. I'm gonna walk towards what I want, and I'm gonna become that person, and you are going to support me.

And the universe went a little year because we've been waiting for that. And then I was like, really? The whole time? Yeah. Pretty much the whole time.

Well, Why did it hurt so much? Well, look where you are now. Oh my goodness, it is unbelievable to me that we're not walking towards our dreams. And remember, you put the dream over here, look at the pain track to get there. That's what you're gonna have to go through when you start to feel the pain you don't reverse it and go, oh, no, that hurts.

Okay. I'm just gonna come back over here because it's like, I really wanted to get there but then I started to go and all this pain come along, and it's like, yes, it's called the equal balance, and the higher you go, the more pain. So let's talk about what you're gonna get hit with. And then you invite that in.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 04 - Support Pain ====
