==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 16 - What Do You Want? ====

I asked this question, and I asked this question looking you dead in the eyes when I say it. And I'm telling you right now, people do not like this question. What do you want? Because you're telling me everything. You're not getting an life, but you're not telling me what you want.

You're not walking towards it clearly. You're not owning it. You're not declaring it. You're not valuing it, you're not valuing yourself, you're not valuing valuing your path, and you're not empowering it. So you're spending all your time talking about something up there that you want and then being disempowered.

Well, I'm sorry. When did you tell me exactly what you want? And if you wanted it, you'd be walking towards it. You wouldn't be asking me for permission, you'd be like, this is what I want right now and I'm walking towards it. There's some big pain blocks along the way, but I'm doing really good.

I'm facing them every day, or I'm struggling with the pain. This is what I want. This pain's holding me back, and I'm like, cool, let's work through that. But when I ask you what you want, don't tell me what you think I wanna hear. You tell me what you've decided, what you've declared, what you're going after.

You tell me. And you know what? I will say it to people all the time. What do you want? And they're like, well, that's it.

I don't know. I mean, you don't know what you want? What do you dream about when you drift off during the day at your job that you hate? Oh, you know, not working? Well, that's something you want.

I always say to people, what do you want? What do you want? So I learned a long time ago, the question I first asked, can I transcend my class? Can I be somebody who can I be somebody of a lower socioeconomic and change my path? Yes.

I can. Just tell me what you want. And I realized that part of the fact that people call me a master creator or a manifester is not because I manifested out of thin air, but I decide what I want and then I go after it. That does not mean that there has been times on the path where I've stopped and gone, oh, I don't really want that. And then I've changed tact, you're allowed to do that at any given moment.

You're allowed to realize that's not exactly what you wanted. Even though people will judge you. The truth is is at the end of the day, I declare it and I run after it and hell or high water, you will not stop me because I do not need your permission, and I do not need your validation. When I want something, I want it and I'm gonna bring it to fruition, or I'm going to try. And I know that if I fail to get to the summit, it's whatever I learned halfway up.

Because I don't fail at anything anymore. I just learn, and then I try again. And, you know, that's such an interesting thing because it's true you can spend your life uni, but uni heartens the heart. You know that, right? Uning hardens your heart.

Over nurturing others, breeds resentment. Those are two things we need to think about. We over nurture our children. We over nurture our spouse. We over nurture families, we overnurture our friends, we spend more time over nurturing and less time nurturing ourself.

And straightaway, over nurturing represents itself as the worst kind of illness. We are resentful when we over nurture and we are resentful when we earn and earn and earn and do not climb the mountain and we yearn and yearn and die yearning. Wishing we had more, wishing we had something else, wishing we had something better. Someone better. So I say you get a vision of what you want and it's a vision maybe it's a dream, maybe you wrote it, and then you decide that's what I want, and then you declare it.

I don't care whether you say it to god or the universe or whether you write it on a piece of paper, announce it to your family, put it on Facebook, you declare it because it's like, I am doing this. You don't say I want this. You don't say I hope to get this. I am doing this. I'm going to find a way to do this.

You're going to decide what it is you want. You're gonna declare it. And then underneath that, I've written tangible, actionable, doable goals. Okay. So if you're starting a business and you want an average sale of $4000, but currently you're getting $400, you don't write, I want a current average of $4000 You say I want a current average of $900 and you shift it next month when you hit 900.

But if you make your goal 4000 and you don't hit 4000 and year, you're gonna get very discouraged. And the first thing you're gonna do is stop trying. So you're gonna make it very actionable. Okay? You're going to make your goals actionable, doable, and real to you, but you're going to declare them.

You're gonna write them down. You're gonna read it every single day. Every single day, I look at the idea and I empower it. I empower it with excitement and enthusiasm and then I spend my day looking for the opportunity of it. Now one of the crazy things is that is the secret to me to making anything come to fruition.

I simply decide I want it. So the truth is is if you're being wishy washy about your path, if you're being wishy washy, about what you want. If you're being wishy washy and saying, I kinda want this, but I don't know if I can do it. And I'm looking for validation, and I'm kind of you know, toing and froing or the economy's not good. I'm talking myself out of it.

The economy's not good. I'm talking myself. When you want something, you just go after it, everything, full sprint. And you do whatever it takes to get there. If you need to deliver pizza, you deliver pizza.

You do what it takes. You do what it takes to have what you want to get what you want. So this is the thing that I think people fall down the most is you're not defining what it is really want, then you're not walking towards it. And then, of course, you have the pain path and then it's pain path hits. You didn't do it.

So when you actually decide what your vision is and side and declare it, you do realize you're choosing your pain. And in that moment, that's like, but here's the thing. There's no way around it. You can't decide what you're is without pain, you're going to get it anyway. So let's just choose the pain now.

And I make strong, simple goals. I make goals that just make sense. I'm like, I want this to come to me. I want I'll ask for anything. I put it on my paper at night.

I'm like, I need an assistant and they need to be this and I really somebody to show up for me that's this, and I said to one of my friends, when we found Caitlin, I said, you know, when you're ready, you just tell the universe, you put it down paper and the right person knocks on your door the next day, Caitlin delivered her resume to her studio under the door the next day. And she rang me and she was like, you won't believe this? And I said, or? I will. So that to me is magic happens.

Yes, but I'm like doable, actionable items. I go after them, and I make bigger dreams, and make bigger goals, but I reset them and I empower them daily. I empower my goals daily, and I don't do it with needing validation, and I don't do it with looking for other people to support me and I don't do it because I want the result more than I want you to validate me. I want the end result more than I need you to tell me I can do it because I'm already there, in my mind, I want that, and you don't need to get in my way. Be on.

And that's how I feel. So to me, when I make that decision, done. But the problem with most people is you're stuck in the house. So you're going to say, I really want a new car. But I can't afford it, anyhow, but I'm gonna write it on my my want list because that's what you're supposed to do.

I want a new car but how am I gonna get that? Cause right now, I don't have enough money, and you've already stopped empowering it. You've already started getting stuck in the house and not just focus on I want a new car. There are a million ways for somebody to bring you a new car. Okay?

You could win money. You could just do an excellent series of sales over the next month and fully pay for 1, you could get an amazing interest free loan, you could inherit something. It doesn't matter how your only job is to come up with what you want and then empower that every day. Whilst you're walking your pain path mirroring all the behavior around you, resetting your emotional state, resetting your emotional state on a daily basis, learning from it and then growing spiritually through this process. But everything I have ever accomplished for me has come easily.

Isn't this a crazy thing? Everything I have resented has blown up. Everything I've dreaded, I've attracted, everything I've resisted stayed longer, and everything that I have brought to fruition just happened. I made a decision. I walked towards it.

It started to happen. Amazing. One of the biggest words I want you to even contemplate, well, statements would be this one, and that is emotional honesty. Now the first question I ask somebody when I say, what do you want? And they tell me they don't know I know they know.

I know they're just not saying it. Now they don't have to be emotionally honest to me, if you don't want to tell me what you truly want, what your deepest darkest desire is, that's okay, but they need you to tell you because you're not the one the one hiding it from yourself, and here's the reason why you don't say it. You either don't believe you can have it, or you don't know how to get it. Okay? So you lack in any form of value if you don't know how you can get it and you don't believe you're worth it, then what you're saying is I don't know how to get it And I don't know that I deserve it because if my wildest dreams came true right now, would I accept it?

And I feel like the most amazing part about that is is you simply do not acknowledge what you want because it's too scary saying something big do you honestly think 5 years ago? I said I wanna be standing on an international stage speaking teaching. I want to be an explorer of light. I want to have a successful business. I wanna live in another country.

I wanna have an international career. And I want to be on the road to financial freedom, meaning no debt, saving money, buying my own own house and being self sustainable. How yes I did. Because for the first time in my life, I realized I could do whatever I wanted. And I made that decision in 2010 when I was lying in that bed, crying, not living the life I wanted with a dollar 50.

And by the Friday, by the Friday, $18 in the bank. Now, this is a it's a crazy story. Not magic. This is what happened. I could not sell my work.

I could not get out of my way. I was stinky and disempowered. I was marketing disempowered, selling disempowered. I had lost my confidence. I had lost the belief that I was worth it.

I had gone backwards. I wasn't hiding behind my successful staff anymore. I was in another country And I was overspending and overgiving, so the $52,000 I'd bought to the country the year before was gone. I had a dollar 50 left, I had avoided because we're gonna talk about money next. I had avoided the fact that I was spending all my money, hoping magically somebody else would take responsibility for me.

And next minute, crash bang, there's nothing left. I I had to tip. There was no tip. There was nobody to save me. So I sat in this, and you're like, how are you living?

I'd gotten off the airport. I had $5 I paid $3 50 for the bus at a dollar 50 change. I walked into this $1,000,000 apartment, which had been given to me for a week by a friend of a friend as I was there to photograph their family. That was their beach house. Now she's one of my best friends.

Their ormen. There was food in the pantry and I knew I had food to survive and I had a job coming. They spent $4000 recommended me to their best friend. I went home that day, finished the job, came back next day friend's job got $3000. They recommended me to the other friend knowing I was only gonna be in town for one day, they paid me $3000 and in 1 week I had $10,000 in the bank, and I'd gone from a dollar 50 to $10,000, and that was the day I decided to start walking towards what I wanted, pain or not.

So this magical thing happened. Because obviously I'm lifted up out of my disempowered state. I get this phone call and it's an opportunity to speak on stage for Canon Australia. And part of my declaring myself to the universe was I now have something to say, and I will stand up and say it. And I got my first speaking engagement by phone message on the Friday.

So I called the lady who had given me the apartment. I paid her rent to stay there for 6 more weeks on this $1,000,000 beachfront property. While I wrote my talks, I shot other clients. And 6 weeks later, I flew to Perth, from Brisbane and a $21,000 in the bank, a speaking engagement, and book shoots. And when I left there, so I did five shoots in Perth, when I left there, I was fully booked for the rest of the year.

And from that moment forward, I had to still do the work It just kept coming towards me. Everything would come towards me, and I had to do things that terrified me, but I said, I'm ready to face the pain, and I started walking towards it. And it's such a remarkable story because I really bottomed out again, and then I just got out of my own way. I made decision. I declared it.

I walk towards it every day. And yes, there is part of me that says, wasn't magical? And then I'm like, oh, was it me? Because I was flatlined, and I never looked back again. And I think it's one of the most extraordinary things to actually do this, to clear it, What do you want?

Choose your pain? Know what you're gonna have to go through maybe in order to get there and start walking towards it. Is it gonna hurt? Yes. It's called a pain path.

Expect electric shocks, barb wire, a few hits in the head, maybe a kick in the nuts that'll drop you to your knees and make you gag like a real one. You're gonna get a few punches, a few knockdowns, a few setbacks, a few harsh, harsh, harsh talking to, it's okay. This is what you wanted to start moving. Will you choose growth? Will you choose pain?

Will you choose change? Will you choose success? And what level of success? Because your pain will come to So you'll start measuring that by war. I didn't want that much responsibility.

I don't want that much pain, and that changes everything. So now we've chosen our pain path. Now we're deciding what we want. Now we've unlocked our childhood door that says you can only go this far. Now you know that you can empower others and then therefore empower yourself.

Now you know you've been operating your business from a disempowered state, and that's gonna change. You've been operating your relationship and yourself in a disempowered state. And now we're gonna come back and talk about our bodies.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 16 - What Do You Want? ====
