==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 1 ====

[00:00:00] Hi, everyone. Welcome to content curator. I'm Sue Bryce, and this is week 1, which is an introduction to the world of content curation. And everything that you can create in this space, the future is personal brand, creative solopreneurs, writers, photographers, videographers, educators, coaches, platform builders, movers, shakers, and product makers. So the future is us.

[00:00:26] It's storytellers, the world of marketing has changed. Now it's 15 to 90 seconds of engaging narrative and visually stunning content. So I just watched this video on Instagram with Kevin O'Leary. He's one of the sharks from shark tank. And he said the number one demand I have for my companies are people that can take the concept of a business and tell a story about it.

[00:00:53] Produce a video, do really rich photography, build out short videos for social media to sell product direct to consumer. So it's because social media expedited personal branding. And now photographers, videographers, content curators, coaches, storytellers, we are that future. It's that ability to craft that compelling narrative and connect people. And if you're a solo preneur, who is building a brand around you, then you're really creating and starring in your own brand story.

[00:01:27] So now you are creating your own advertising, your own promotions, your own publicity, and PR, and it's all through social media. So maybe you're crafting all of these stories, as a photographer or a writer or a filmmaker for other personal brands. So the focus is still the same just to develop the skill set to tell impactful stories and make videos that resonate with your audience and then can connect your most authentic brand message. So what keeps coming up for me is this authentic brand message and telling these impactful stories And that tells me that your brand needs to have 2 things, a really awesome brand story, and I'm gonna help you find yours and also the ability to connect and really sort of be able to speak and communicate what your brand service and experience does so that your audience can connect you directly online, and that seems to be 2 of the most important things you need, authenticity, and, you know, a purpose in your business and a good story that connects that purpose. You know, the advertisers followed the audience off TV.

[00:02:39] And now, we have to do all of this ourselves. So it's not just about sort of making the most amount of noise we have to craft really well made content, but you have to also communicate and connect your story at the same time. I think about that a lot in terms of when my brand really took off, Internationally in 2012 when I started speaking on stage because I say stage 10 x is your business. The fastest way to grow your business is to get up on stage in the industry that you create content in. And, honestly, it is so significant, but around then, I realized The reason my brand stands out and has always stood out above other brands is because I have always had really rich photography and really beautiful video.

[00:03:35] And those two things those two things now are king, and they make content so instantly beautiful and engaging because you've got to stop me from scrolling in the first three seconds I realized that I had an advantage as a photographer, I was surrounded by people that could create rich photography, and also beautiful video, and that also 10x my business. So if you're a photographer, videographer, storyteller, marketing curator, content curator, you're creating marketing or videos or anything online to connect brands, then obviously as a photographer and a videographer, your your ability to be able to create that beauty is what's going to significantly put you ahead of other brands. So I believe there are 4 revenue systems, and I want them all turned on in your business. Don't worry if you only have one on right now, but let me just quickly break it down. The 2 oldest systems in our world have been selling a physical product and selling a physical service.

[00:04:46] So right now, the question I'll ask is, do you offer a physical product? Do you offer a physical service? Does your business or brand currently offer a digital service? And do you offer digital products? Because if you say yes to some of those and none and no to to the others, then you've only got 1 or 2 on, and I want you to have 4 taps on.

[00:05:10] That doesn't mean you have to produce content, but it's just what I'm gonna do is show you all of the ways you can create revenue through those 4 streams. Okay? Because just because you can doesn't mean you should it has to be connected to you, but there's always a way to get you connected. So let's just break down physical product because they've changed a little bit in the last 20 years. Most businesses are built around those 2 oldest commerce systems, the physical product, and the physical hands on service and they are both trade money for time.

[00:05:44] And physical products such as merchandise or anything that's handcrafted or manufactured and then sold. You can sell it in person, or you can ship it income as generated through profit margins. The headache to manufacturing anything is in the manufacturing cost. You've got to pay to make it in order to sell it. Then you have to pay for storage, and then the biggest headache is shipping.

[00:06:09] And the concern with the manufacturing is not only just that fixed cost, but it's also where you then store and how you ship. Now in the last 20 years, now we have businesses that will create the product for you. They will store the product for you, And when you sell something on your store, they will drop ship it for you. So you don't have to do any of that anymore, but that will come at a cost, and that will come straight off your profit margin. Don't worry.

[00:06:38] I'll talk about that a little bit more. So product complaints are always about expectation, shipping errors, damage packages, loss packages, and none of that happens when you have merchandise in person in front you because people can take it, take it with them straight away. So having a product that you sell physically manufacture store and ship the old way is cumbersome and it's annoying. However, The new way is merchandize. Merch or merch.

[00:07:13] Merches when you create a brand that so cool that you can actually create physical merchandise. And if you are speaking in public, doing a workshop publicly, doing an event where you're going there in person and you take merchandise with you, I guarantee you will leave that event with an empty bag. I can take touch merchandise with me wherever I go in person. I also sell merchandise online now. I used to ship it myself.

[00:07:45] I'll go through all those that growth cycle, but the truth is is now I just use photo flashdrive.com. Brian creates manufacturers, stores the product. And when you buy it and pay for the shipping, the client, he will ship it directly to you. I don't see it. And I just get my profit off that.

[00:08:07] That costs me around 12% of the total cost of each product. But I never see it. It goes straight out to the client. I get very few complaints now because I'm not doing it all myself. And I've been working with Brian since 2017.

[00:08:24] So now people like Brian have created, you know, just made it so easy for us to create merchandise. Merchandise moves for two reasons. It's called to create merchandise. I create merchandise for my boutique, photo conference. And it's always been portrait masters, the portrait masters.

[00:08:43] And whilst it's really cool to wear a branded t shirt that says the portrait masters, I'm not your branded t shirt kind of girl. I wanted to wear something that was more catchy, more fun, So I created a t shirt last year and a cap and a drink bottle that said poser because I'm a professional poser. I'm a photographer I teach posing. And they just sold out. And I just feel like if you can create merch that's cool and that it's got a little bit of fun or a little bit of hype or a little bit of vibe or it's says something really cool, then you're gonna move merch.

[00:09:17] So that's where we're at with physical products right now. You know, in my studio, at a conference, at meetups, at any live event, I will take a big suitcase of merchandise or physical products, and I will sell out every single time. So every single time, a physical service is any hands on service provider like a salon or a remote worker. I was a photographer that offered a physical service. I had to either go somewhere to photograph somebody, or they had to come to me, which meant that I had to have a physical space.

[00:09:54] I did the commercial lease or I had to be prepared to travel to my clients. Again, this is trading money for time. You have to consider whether or not you're going to commit to a lease. And if you're not, then you have to be able to do everything remotely, which includes liability insurance, remote equipment, and then the ability to charge for your travel. So for 100 years, this is how we've done business.

[00:10:22] Those two business systems, right, their physical product, physical service, except for maybe the casino, which is the only business on the planet where you give them money and they give you nothing in return, like, not even home, So a digital service, they really kicked off about 15 years ago. Especially after 2009, 2010, the 3 years after the global financial crisis, we started to see more online content platforms, businesses than ever before, and now coaches and online platforms are growing into the trillions. So a digital service will cater to anybody that create that can create an income from home. A designer, you know, any product makers, marketing curators, coaches, any online service or system that allows you to create an income remotely anywhere in the world in your pajamas, then social media changed the world again and the rise of digital services and products altered the way we connect with the audiences So now we create content to engage and connect our personal brands and products directly to our audience base. And did that still trading money for time?

[00:11:40] Because if I was at home designing for you, I'm still charging you trading money for time. Now the 4th system is digital products. It's the only system out of all of these systems where you truly make money while you sleep. The 4th system, these digital products, or templates, ebooks, video series, master classes, a video library, anything that you can either download or access instantly. I call these make money when you sleep products, And this is a true story.

[00:12:14] In 2010, I created my first physical product. That's right when I started coaching and teaching my business model. And it was a physical product, so it was actually a big deck of cards about the size of postcards. And I put them in this little box. I got them all printed And I got them printed myself.

[00:12:34] I sorted them myself. I boxed them myself, and I kept them in the spare room in my apartment. Every time somebody would buy 1, I would go and take the box, put it in, and take it, and ship it myself. Like, that system then in 2012 was how I did that. And over the 1st 3 years, this product made me close to $400,000.

[00:12:54] So it was a really great product, although it came with a lot of headaches. So it really was. I sold it for, like, $300. So when I first started to sell it, I would wake up in the morning and check my email and check my sales funnel. And during a trip to Australia, I met my parents, and we're staying at this really cool, like, house by the beach in the Gold Coast, and my dad was sitting there having coffee.

[00:13:20] I checked my email, and I said, oh, I made $3000 last night. And my father just looked at me like this, and he leaned forward. And he said, What do you mean? And I said, well, I sell a product online, dad. It's a physical product.

[00:13:38] I have to go and ship it right now, but I sold 10 of them last night while I was sleeping so I made $3000. For the next morning, I wake up and I come out and my dad's sitting there at the table and he's all excited. He's got a big smile on his face holding his coffee he's tapping my laptop like, come on. Have a look. I laugh.

[00:13:56] I get my coffee. I sit down. I open it, and I go, oh, well, Today, I only made $300. And my dad looks at me, and he says, that's $300 more than someone paid me to sleep. And that was it.

[00:14:11] 2010, I started to call these products, make money while you sleep, and truly digital products is the one product where you can actually make money while you sleep. The world of digital products is growing so exponentially So let's turn on all of these revenue streams in your business so that you can make money while you sleep. You know, I say this a lot in business coaching, A lot of people say that they're building a business, but I learned very quickly when I built my business as a solo preneur If you are in the day to day operation of your business and you're a solo printer, so you don't even have staff, maybe you just have contract and employees. You're not really self employed. You know, you have a job.

[00:14:56] And I know that you have a job because if you're not working, you're not getting paid. And if you break your ankle and you can't work for 6 weeks, you will not be getting paid for 6 weeks. Technically, a business makes money while you're not there. And most people don't know how to scale themselves up and out of their startup business, so it does make money while they're not there. And yet digital products gave us the opportunity to live that way and to create income that way.

[00:15:26] And that means that you can create income anywhere in the world with these digital products, you could wake up in Fiji tomorrow if you wanted to if that's what you do. So To me, it's like, that would be the ultimate goal is to create some digital products. Alright? I think it's a big one. So all digital products are designed for digital download or behind a paywall.

[00:15:53] Okay. And the paywall comes with a lot more customer management. And remember that if you are sleeping at night and your paywall is open 24 hours, then it's accessible to anybody in the world. And if your eyes are not on that, platform or that group, because you're asleep, you have set up customer service systems, so that one can trip you up a little bit. But digital products essentially, the simple PDF has become ebooks, magazines, guides, cards, presets, and templates, and anything that can be purchased and downloaded.

[00:16:29] So now it's really unlimited. To develop digital product, you develop the content first. Sometimes if it's a 10 plit or something visual, there may be a design component. And if you are not a DIY, bang it together designer, then you can get templates and you can get, you know, AI to help you, but you have to be really, really careful because if every single thing you use in your content has to have your copyright on it so you cannot use templates that are bought to make a template that you sell that is breaching copyright, make sure you're always checking that because it you can get tripped up so so easily. There is no manufacturing costs in digital products other than that designing of it or that creating of it And if you are not doing the designing and the creating yourself, then you're obviously buying the rights to use it to sell.

[00:17:29] Or you are commissioning somebody to create that content for you, or it's simply a design components. So it's a upfront cost, but once it's designed, it's selling and you never have to pay for that cost again. So it's a variable cost, not a fixed cost design unless you're doing it again yourself. So to me, I look at that and I think about everything that I create in terms of filming and editing. So it's funny.

[00:18:01] As you're learning, everything that you create for online is either designed. It's either written. It's either recorded or it's filmed. So it's either a video, an audio recording, okay, or it's a template you're designing, or it's content that you're writing and all four of those come with editing. You have to edit video and a videographer and a video editor are 2 different things.

[00:18:28] You can be a copywriter and then a copy write editor. And so if you write the text to anything that you're putting in a digital product, you need to put it past the eyes of a copy editor that can make it perfect for you because once you publish something and start selling it, you can't change it. And that's a really, really big one. So all of the storage, the manufacturing, it's all gone. Now you're just creating this upfront cost.

[00:18:56] You're creating this incredible product. You're creating the brand around it. And then you're creating a market ad spend around it so that you can start moving it. So now when you look at those 4 revenue streams and you start to think about all the readable products that you're gonna make for your business. I wanna know what kind of curated do you wanna be to become anything involves a new identity but don't worry.

[00:19:22] I don't believe an imposter syndrome. I believe in walking your true path and connecting to what you really, really, really want. And I believe that before you can fully claim ownership over any part of the path you're walking, you need to understand the name, the noun, and the verb that is involved around it so that you don't feel like an imposter. Oh, this is so good. To me, I really wanna know how you identify in the space.

[00:19:59] Are you a a digital product maker? I love that. I make digital products. I mean, I say that out loud and people are like, What do you make? Tell me more.

[00:20:09] You could say I'm a coach. Are you a business coach? A life coach? Maybe you're an intimacy coach. Maybe you're a couple's coach.

[00:20:16] Maybe you're a dating coach. What sort of coach are you? Are you a teacher? I call myself an educator, not a coach. I coach business, for sure that is something I do, but I identify as an educator because I don't just coach systems.

[00:20:33] I created the It's my system, and that's what makes me an educator not a coach. So I am a business educator, content curator, I'm definitely a photographer. As I started to stop taking photography clients, I still use photography in my marketing, I still use it in my artwork. I still use it in my podcasting and to do interviews. I just no longer take portrait clients.

[00:20:58] So do I still call myself a photographer? Yes. I do because it's been 34 years, and it's how I identify as a curator So it's definitely in my bio. I'm a storyteller. Yes.

[00:21:12] I am. Do I call myself that? No. I am a master of my craft. Maybe that's what you wanna be.

[00:21:20] How do you identify? I'm looking for clarity I'm looking for the one that lights you up, the one that I say that makes you go that's me. And if it's not on here, write your own, are you a motivational speaker? Are you an image maker? Are you an instructor?

[00:21:36] Are you a social media creator? Oh, maybe you're a brand ambassador Maybe you're a template maker. Maybe you're a performer or a composer or an entertainer that makes products. Maybe you're a blogger. Or a systems creator, a podcaster, an interviewer, an artist, a rock star, How do you identify in this space?

[00:22:02] I want you to give me those names. I want you to tell me in this curator space what identity you want to really step into and own. And I want it to be so clear that when you say it, there's certainty and conviction. And when there's certainty and conviction, it's when you say something out loud that you know is so true that all the goosey bumps in your skin stand up because it feels so exciting and so connected and so in alignment. And just remember this when you, obviously, I just talk about being in alignment, and my body goes, we're in alignment because your brain, your brain just loves holding a focus of creation.

[00:22:45] It truly does. And when you are there, you're in your flow, And that's the moment where you feel the most lit up when you feel those goosebumps. So I want you to come to the noun of what you're becoming as a content curator Are you gonna be an influencer? Are you going to be an instructor? Are you going to be a leader in your field?

[00:23:05] A leader of your industry? What is it that you are going to call yourself? Remember this, if you cannot explain it simply, you don't know it well enough, Einstein. If you can't describe this simply, you haven't mastered it yet. It's that simple.

[00:23:24] Mastery is about clarity. Once you get clear as to what you want to create, what you wanna say, who you are saying it. It's really easy to market you because there's so much clarity. Marketing is clarity. Oh, manifestation is clarity manifest.

[00:23:43] Just the synonyms to manifest is to confirm, to declare, to demonstrate, and to embody. That's clarity. I confirmed that I am becoming this. I declare that this is my path. I demonstrate it by doing it, and I embody it by being it.

[00:23:59] That's clarity. That's power. That's manifestation. That is literally the dictionary meaning of first imposter syndrome means I haven't mastered it yet, and I'm trying to act like a master instead of learning and being in my next step at my neck step and my next step. Sometimes when we grow, we try to grow too fast.

[00:24:22] I call it binge growing, And it means that you're trying to get to the end result without walking the next step and the next step and the next step. My friends, how do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. How do you build a killer brand? One step at a time and every step you infuse it with more alignment and more creation and more joy.

[00:24:47] Okay? You don't try to, like, I wanna be a successful teacher then start teaching. Stop getting disappointed. You're not at the result yet. And that's why the verb of what we're doing is more important than the noun of what we're becoming because you have to light up doing something before you can become someone who's done it.

[00:25:11] Are you qualified to teach? Are you qualified to coach? Do you have to be the expert? No. Do you have to be an expert?

[00:25:22] Yes. What is an expert? Someone who has lived experience. I can coach you because I have the lived experience of building a brand. I can coach you to make a $1,000,000 in a year in your business because I've done that multiple times in my businesses.

[00:25:40] I can coach you to make $10,000,000 20,000,03040, and beyond because I have done that for myself. I need you to know something about me. I believe in magic. I believe in the multiverse. The multiverse is the place you visit in your mind that has no limits.

[00:25:59] It's a place where you can have sliding doors and you can change paths in any moment. In the multiverse of thought, there is no no, there is no you can't, there is no you're not good enough, there is only thought And in the multiverse, every time you light up a path, you just follow a path because it's a daydream at this point. And in the multiverse, there are no limits. You just explore life without the limit of what you think is stopping you and holding you back. And in the multiverse, you start to see paths laid out before you, you walk different paths.

[00:26:35] What if I didn't make that decision? What if I went this way? What if I didn't create this? I created that. And in the multiverse, the path that lights up that keeps you in constant alignment when I even talk about the multiverse, every cell in my being is in creation because I'm all goosey just telling you about it.

[00:26:56] You know, explore the multiverse. Do I say where am I gonna be in 5 years? She is one of the most celebrated coaches in our industry. He is one of our most successful blah blah blah. She is one of the most she has earned millions of, like, imagine the next 5 years in the multiverse for you when you say that simple identity, I'm a coach.

[00:27:25] I'm a business owner. I'm a solopreneur. I'm a creative. I I am whatever I say I am. I'm I am whatever I say I do.

[00:27:36] This new content comes with a new identity. Find the one that belongs to you, you're not making up an identity pro tip. It's not something you have to become. It's already in you. It's something you're unfolding.

[00:27:49] Let me read that again. It is not something you have to become. It's already in you. It's already you. I know it's you.

[00:27:58] You try and claw your way out to become this person. I see you. You're not like, what will my family and friends think if they become a new identity? No. You become it, you start doing it the verbs of doing and being.

[00:28:13] What are you doing? Never mind the name. I know you just picked a name and it probably makes you feel uncomfortable. Putting teacher made me feel uncomfortable the first time I wrote Educator because I don't have an education. I have 34 years experience, lived experience building a brand and a business, but I didn't finish high school.

[00:28:34] So who am I to call myself an educator? Who am I to build an education platform and sell it? Someone who did. Right? So there are no limits.

[00:28:45] The limits only exist in you, but what are the verbs of doing? So what are you doing in being? Let's talk about that. My content ethos is educate, engage, entertain, and empower. This is also my marketing ethos educate, engage, entertain, and empower.

[00:29:02] I've been teaching this for 13 years. It's really simple. You are one of those 4 things more than the other 3. You're either an educator. You're incredible at engaging people and connecting people.

[00:29:16] And I say emotional engagement. Because these ease when it comes to ethos, my ease are just so important. Everything I write or create is for education, engagement, entertainment, and empowering. Those four things, are you a motivational speaker, then you're empowering? Are you an educator, then you're an then you educate.

[00:29:37] And, are you a connected, then you emotionally engage people? Maybe you're an entertainer, maybe you entertain people. Now just because you're empowering doesn't mean you can't educate, engage, and entertain, It just means the empowerment is the part of you that is, you know, the first thing that people feel and see, but everything you create must have these 4 components in it. If you think about the verbs to those energies, are you teaching, coaching, creating, making, demonstrating, speaking, performing, writing, building, podcasting, broadcasting, what is your superpower? And I guarantee you're already doing it in some way right now.

[00:30:22] What are you doing, and what are you being that is the new identity that you're stepping into? Tell me, I want to know. This is how you look. Alright. I always say your brand is face value, but what you're doing and being, it's not about how you look.

[00:30:42] It's not even the noun, when you think of, I wanna say, I am an industry leader, and I am an ambassador, product ambassador. I'm an educator. You say, oh, what will people say? They'll say, well, she is an industry leader and an ambassador but it's what you're doing and being that is the demonstrating of this energy. This is not how you look.

[00:31:04] Alright? Or it's not the title it's what you are doing every single day. Another pro tip. You're already doing it. Again, you're already doing it.

[00:31:17] People don't realize how much they're already doing it. Like, for instance, natural born coaches When you start to coach a large group of people, you can see the natural born coaches start to rise to the top of the group because they naturally start coaching the people beside them even though they're doing it and learning at the same time. As an educator, at first, you kind of think, would these people sit down and shut up? And then you realize you were that person because you are naturally the coach and the group. It's just so watch people's natural superpower come forward here.

[00:31:52] You'll be quite surprised actually when you do find your true path, how incredibly obvious it was and how it was right in front of you the entire time. You just couldn't perceive it. Now remember, it's whatever you're doing is what you're being. So if you're doing it, Whatever it is, then you are absolutely being it. That is demonstrating.

[00:32:20] But if you're just talking about it, then you're just getting clarity. Because people talk a lot before they move or change because they're really just getting clarity on their path forward. And that's why I know when people are talking about their forward a lot. I like I know you're talking and you're getting clarity, but I need you to start walking so that you're doing it so that you can feel it. Doing anything involves certainty and conviction, that is clarity.

[00:32:49] But when you have certainty and conviction, you have so much clarity that you can't stop doing it because that's exactly what you're doing. You have so much clarity as to what you want, how you want it, why it lights you up, why you're connected to it every day, you just get up and want to do it. In fact, it gets to a point where all the things that get in the way of you being able to get to this creativity starts to annoy you, and then you have to start setting boundaries around your time so that you do not people please other people anymore so you have time to create, create the time to create, Manifestation, again, confirm it, declare it, declare it to god, declare it to the universe, demonstrate it, embody it, start doing it every day. There is no clearer path to becoming this thing than doing it every day. There are eight products that you can make in the creator space right now, and in the 13 years of content curating, I have made them all and I create revenue of every single one of these products still today.

[00:33:51] And some of these products are extraordinary audience builders. So let's talk about what they are. Number 1 is I'm going to teach you how to curate speaker content. And that is your product. When you create speaker content, whether it's a 20 minute demo video for a brand or a 1 hour video class, or a 10 video master series online or a video library like mine that now has over a 1000 videos in it Either way, I'm going to teach you how to curate the words that go in those presentations.

[00:34:27] That is a product And I'm telling you right now, nothing ten x is your business, like standing up on stage. I want to create more, public speaking workshops because I understand that it's the one skill people are most terrified of, but when you learn how to do it, it is one of the biggest game changing experiences of my career. I am not a natural born stage performer, I am a speaker because I speak I talk I can talk underwater, and I'm a prolific content curator. Getting up on stage was crippling. My throat closed.

[00:35:07] I thought I was gonna pass out lose bowel control, vomit, all at the same time in front of 300 people. And I learned about breathing exercises, and I learned about ownership, and I learned how to command a room with 3000 people in it, and I learned how to get a standing ovation, and I learned how to give from the stage and not sell. Speaking content is probably the one most of you will avoid, but I just wanna tell you one thing. Even if you're doing presentations or talking about your business at networking or just talking on social media about your business, creating content, learning how to create speaker content is the game changer. That's why it's number 1.

[00:35:48] It's the one you avoid the most. Number 2 is coaching tracks. I created 2 big online workshops in 2012, but when I created my 3rd workshop, which was the coaching track to those 2 big workshops, which was 28 days. I created 28 videos and released them in 28 days. Or are you gonna learn all about content and time?

[00:36:07] Cause that's the secret and video for. But for me, coaches mentors, whether you're broadcasting live doing 1 on 1 coaching or group coaching, it's an incredible, second revenue to your income for physical products and physical services. Number 3 is physical products. Let's face it. That's merchandize.

[00:36:25] Merch. We wanna create merch. Make it beautiful. Make it fun and take it anywhere in person. That product will sell, have it in your physical space.

[00:36:34] If you have one, take them with you when you go to events clients, networking, you name it, sell it online, but it has to be shipped. Product number 4 is creating an in person workshop. Creating an in person workshop is anything from 1 to 3 days. It's also the same curriculum as retreat. Which can be longer just with more time out.

[00:36:56] To me creating an in person workshop was really one of my favorite all time favorite creation products. I started to teach in person workshops in 2010, and I went around the world, but they limited me because I could only have twenty people in them. And at first, all I wanted was 20 people, because I could sell a workshop for 2 and a half $1000 per person. And the cost was basically the rental space and then the connection to those people and getting them all there and marketing that workshop. But the experience of teaching a 1 to 3 day workshop is very unique because I got to teach, I would say, over 50 workshops and about 7 years before I actually launched my online platform.

[00:37:42] And my talks were so practiced My workshops was so, I'd had so much experience being face to face, and it's truly one of the best products you can create. If you right now could create a 2 day workshop for you and it would be for, say, two people, four people, or twenty people, what would you do? What would you teach and what would you create in that space? In terms of teaching you how to be an incredible speaker is no better scenario than a personal workshop. It's not broadcast.

[00:38:18] It's private, it's a small group, it's intimate, it's face to face, it's direct, and you grow as a speaker and creator exponentially. Number 5 is ebooks, templates, guides, PDFs, anything you can download, anything you're gonna design, and download, those are make money while you sleep products. They're also auxiliary and bonus products. They're to selling, and don't worry, I'll show you how When you're selling anything, you can say this PDF, this ebook, this template, this guide is free if you purchase now. That's a bonus or auxiliary product.

[00:38:52] To make whatever you've created even more valuable. Number 6 is a video library or an online series. Number 7 is a podcast and number 8 is any audio files, music files, mp4, which includes audiobooks. And about 3 years into building my platform, my members started to ask for audio files of my big power talks so that they could put them in the ears while they were working out while they were walking, and that's how I've used audio files as well. So I've accessed and still access all eight of these products and you're about to learn how to make them all.

[00:39:31] You're about to learn what the map is and how to get to every single one of them because I would love you to create a revenue in every one of those four areas and turn all four taps on. But what is more important is that you first find the product that is calling you most, and then we're gonna create a brand around that product. We're gonna start selling that product, then you can start introducing and turning on the other taps in your business, and they all work together too in different ways. That's something else you're gonna learn, which I think is really cool. Your homework this week is what do you feel the most called to create right now?

[00:40:16] Download your homework, get into it, spend some time with it. I want you to feel it, and I want you to imagine as you're answering these questions, that if I put you on a hot seat in front of a 1000 other curators, you could get up here right now and answer all of these questions with certainty and conviction. It's the clarity I'm looking for, the clarity. The clarity is amazing. What do you feel the most called to create?

[00:40:42] What is your superpower? What are you doing when you're in your flow? How do you want to start in your brand. You know, don't worry if you don't wanna star in your brand. You can still build a brand where you're not the face of it, but you're still the heart and the story.

[00:40:59] So which would you choose if you were really confident? So don't make those decisions based on the you and the limits you have now about yourself. I want you to answer these questions based on if you had so much confidence put yourself out there. Which ones would you choose? How do you love to create things?

[00:41:21] Do you love to film? Do you like to record? Do you like to write? Do you like to design? How do you love to share?

[00:41:31] Do you want to film, record, write, or design? What's your preferred mode of expression? Do you like capturing moments through visuals? Do you like communicating through spoken words? You like to mix them both together?

[00:41:45] Like, what is it that you're doing and what is this brand? Is it a personal brand? Or are you building a brand that's not you? I'm gonna talk more about that because you can't sell a brand with your name on it unless you license and sell your name. Okay.

[00:41:59] That's a big one because I've sold a business that was not called my name, and then I sold a business that was called my name, and I had to change it both times. So I've got lots of information about that, but a lot of people are too scared to create a personal brand because they're too scared to put themselves out there. And every part of this course is about you getting the confidence to put yourself out there. In 2001, I started my first business, which was a photography studio, and I could not call it Subrise. Everyone told me to call it Subrise, and I was like, no.

[00:42:31] 1, I had imposter syndrome, 2, I had no self value. 3, you I couldn't sell a brand that was called Subra. That's what I told myself, but the truth is it was really about the imposter syndrome and the no self value. Right? So, are you building a round around you?

[00:42:51] Or are you building a brand to sell? Does the brand you currently have support this new product that you're creating? You don't have to rebrand. I know everyone's like, oh, I have to rebrand every no. You don't.

[00:43:03] They're just products, and you are a business owner. That's what personal brand is. I don't have to be just a photographer. I'm Sue Bryce Photography, content curator, a curate content, a curate education, I curate photography. I curate marketing.

[00:43:20] So the fact that you're holding to this one limit is you. You don't have to reinvent the word, the you don't have to reinvent the wheel. You just have to do a bit of rewording, shift the language in your brand. And if you're building a brand from scratch, then you have to make some big decisions right now about personal brand and what you want that to look like. So The second video, I have created maps to all of those products, and it's a step by step map.

[00:43:51] And the reason I do that is because I'm about to teach you how to develop content, and I teach and develop content in bullet points. The reason I do this is I have coached tens of thousands of startup businesses, and I noticed everyone just needs the next congruent step. I basically broke down my story into a timeline of steps as to how I achieved everything that I have achieved. I'm gonna teach you how to do the same. And then I wrote a map to each one of those paths because I want you to actually understand the verb of doing because it's the doing it that helps you show up to it every single day.

[00:44:36] The one thing I've noticed about coaching and about especially online is next steps makes your coaching quantifiable. People have the quantifiable steps to achieve, to build their business, to build their brand, to build their content. When it's step by step, it's a next step checklist. I also see where you get stuck. Which step do you get stuck on?

[00:45:02] Is it about you? Is it about value? Is it about pricing? Is it about confidence to put yourself out there? And when you write a map of next steps, you're taking the next step and the next step and the next step.

[00:45:17] In the next video, you're going to see the map that is around building a speaker brand, So if you want to become a speaker for brands and if you want to speak in your industry and if you want to start speaking on stage, We're gonna create a speaker brand, and that's one of the maps. And in it, I write writing your 3 by 3. And that's your it's not an elevator pitch. It's three lines. It's three things, three sentences, three lines, who am I, what do I do, and who am I for?

[00:45:50] And when you really look at that, this I am becoming and this choosing this path and choosing these products. I made it really simple, and this is your identity homework. I am Sue Bryce. I'm a photographer and an educator. Right?

[00:46:05] So that's my name and what I do. Teach creative solopreneurs, how to create personal brands, monetize, and find their value, 3 lines. It's that simple. I want you to find yours so that you can write it down and start saying it over and over again Now you can just start with hi. I'm say your name.

[00:46:28] A blah blah blah. Say your noun. And the next line could start with I create. It could start with I teach, it could start with I make, or it can start with I help, but just keep it really simple, Who am I to become these things? Remember that, who am I to become these things?

[00:46:49] It's really about your identity. Putting yourself out there on stage as a coach, as a mentor, as an industry leader, is That just big fear of rejection. It's am I good enough to do this? Am I qualified to do this? Well, my name is Sue Bryce.

[00:47:13] In fact, I'm a photographer and an educator, also a fact, I help create and teach, solopreneurs how to monetize their creativity and find their value. Also a fact, those are 3 really strong facts about me and I own all of them in my full power. So I need you to start thinking about what this new identity is for you, and I need you to start getting clarity around it, and that means writing that 3 by 3 because when we start to look at your speaker brand, it's gonna be really easy when you have all that clarity. All that clarity. Your homework is your brand story.

[00:47:58] What's my brand story? What if I don't have a brand story? Yeah. You do. It's to find out what your brand mission is and get that on paper as clear as you can, why that's a story.

[00:48:10] Your brand mission is a story. What is your promise? Do you have a promise to say a promise to your clients, to your future clients? What is that? That's a story, and it's a reason you're making that promise.

[00:48:24] What's your invitation? Do you invite people to your brand, to your experience to your product, what is your invitation? Mine as a photographer was I invite you to a personal session with me. It will change the way you see yourself. I mean, how good is that?

[00:48:41] An invitation? A promise. You know, what is your offer of value? That's a story. Why are you doing this?

[00:48:52] That's a story. How do you build this? How did you build this? Oh, that's a story. How did you master this?

[00:49:01] That is definitely a story. What problem do you solve with this product? That is a story. Find your brand story. That's the goal.

[00:49:12] That is your homework. All of those things is identity. Who am I? What do I do? What do I offer?

[00:49:20] I'm gonna finish this video with a little food for thought so that when we go into the coaching, you could ask me a ton of questions about it because I know this is gonna, like, make everyone go, wait. What did she just say? I filled out a, a quiz many years ago for Wealth Dynamics. I am not an affiliate to Wealth Dynamics, although they probably can buy bundles cheaper and sell them to, my members for you, and I'm not telling you to take this quiz because it costs a 100 US dollars So it's expensive. And what it is is it's called Wealth Dynamics Profile, and you just fill out a quiz as to your strengths and business.

[00:50:01] And it gives you your path to wealth. And, I am a creator and I sit in the creative profile really, really heavily sit in the creative farm. And as I started in the last 13 years to coach people online and online brands and entrepreneurs and solopreneurs and coaches, and mentors and speakers, I realized the first three profiles, which are creator, star, and support are the most common profiles for for us people. So, like, all the creative ones are in the first 3, because then it goes into selling deal maker, accumulating money, landlord, mechanic, dams. So you can see that the creators are the people that create the content.

[00:50:45] The stars are the amazing bright stars that love to be on stage, that love to perform that are natural coaches, but they often don't create the content, the creator profile, and you can cross over mall you can cross over like 3. It's like a pie graph. Well, creators at the top, Star is on the right to go around the clock and mechanic is on the left. I am a creator mechanic with a little bit of star 12%. So I have enough star to star in my creation, but normally, mechanics and creators are not stars.

[00:51:22] They're the people that should be in the creator room or down in the mechanics room. There's a reason you don't see these people They're usually better at creating than they are at performing or speaking or being out there and being bright and shiny. The next profile is the supporter, and the supporter is also a very unique profile. Now what happened was I saw a lot of coaches that I teach, come through a lot of coaches, a lot of presenters, a lot of instructors that are star supporters. They're not creating the content.

[00:51:56] They're just starring and supporting content that already exists, but they coach it. And that is its own profile, but people hear creator, and they go, I don't wanna be a star. I don't wanna be a supporter. I wanna be a creator. And it's like, cool.

[00:52:12] But you're not. You can create things. It's just not your path to greatness or wealth. Your path to greatness is to be a star. So a lot of my mentors, a lot of in my program that became mentors to my members, in between me and my members, Our stars and supporters, they start in and support my content that I create.

[00:52:36] This is a really interesting profile because if you're Ace data supporter right now and you're really confused about that, you are just as important as me. In fact, you might not have created the content, but it doesn't mean you can't star in it. Doesn't mean you can't coach it. Doesn't mean you can't you know, use it every single day. It is just not your path to wealth and success.

[00:53:01] So think about that. We'll talk about that more in the coaching For me, it's really about finding your identity, finding your path forward, finding your products, finding your words, And I want you to hold to one thing as you're in the multiverse. Do not make products for people. Make products for you. Make products that you love.

[00:53:26] Don't make content for people, make content that you love. I mean, listen to what people need. Yes. But stay constantly focused on your inner intuition and your inner guide as to what you're creating. If it's not connected to you and lighting you up, you're on the wrong path.

[00:53:47] Just wrecked. Just correct. Okay? This is not about people pleasing or trying to make things that people want or trying to be good enough in this space. This is about finding your true path in voice and your true confidence in this and creating and unfolding that down and that verb for you to become this thing so that you can used this product with your authentic voice and your creative energy because it's only then that you're in alignment with what you're creating.

[00:54:20] I want you to go into the multiverse. You are unlimited in the multiverse. There are no limits, okay, only your limits in there. I look forward to meeting up with the coaching and unfolding more of your identity. It's only about owning your full power in your identity.

[00:54:45] And then pushing into that in full joy. Trust me. When you find that path forward, It's like it explodes inside you. And if I take you back to my ethos of creating content, creating a brand, like creating products, creating yourself, create anything. Just remember, you're looking for, educate, Engage, entertain, and empower.

[00:55:13] And I always say to people, you do all of that with enthusiasm. Now, enthusiasm's a funny word to use, but the truth is is it comes from the Greek word, Entyos. And in theos is to have a god like energy inside you. That's creative energy. In theos is like It's the the one energy I could describe as creativity is to have a god like energy inside you.

[00:55:40] It's when you feel light and stay in the multiverse, it's limitless. And right there, you can just explore yourself, explore this new identity, feel when you don't feel authentically yourself, feel when you're on the wrong path. Recorrect it, explore different parts. Make it up as you go on. It's your multiverse.

[00:56:05] Alright? Make this for you. No people pleasing. Step by steps next week. See you next week for coaching.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 1 ====
