==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 03 - Suffering ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome to the self value deep dives. This is video number 3 suffering. And, of course, I have with me Sue Bryce. Hi, Sue.

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. So during the self value workshop, 2 concepts you dropped that were like mind blowing. One was the car and one was the loop. Now I know we have just a really amazing video about the car and you describe everything, but can you just maybe sum up a little bit about the car and the loop?

Sue Bryce | So the loop comes from the 2 in the front seat, which is my thoughts and my feelings. So my thought starts thinking my feeling starts responding fear is constantly whispering, and then that's it. That's where you get stuck. You don't even think about that loop, until you look at the wheel of alignment and the wheel of alignment, as I said, is when your mind wants something and then your emotions respond to it. And now if your emotions respond to fear or anything above that, fear would be excitement, enthusiasm, in theos, anything that goes up from there, you will activate because you can activate with fear.

Sue Bryce | But if you activate with anything lower than fear, basically, drama, self hate, problem focused, I can't, poor me, all those things. You absolutely will never be able to activate. In fact, as soon as you bond emotionally, you're going to think another thought. That thought's gonna be you can't have this because even more. And then your thoughts, you never get what you want.

Sue Bryce | Nobody ever treats you well. You are a bad person, and then your thoughts are like, my emotions are like, ah, and so you're just gonna keep going. Right? My thoughts, my emotions, my thoughts, my emotions. And That's the loop.

Sue Bryce | It's the loop. They're the two people on the front seat, and that's why we've gotta take them for a drive in the car because you've gotta stop my thoughts from thinking these thoughts and you gotta up my emotions from responding to them, and you're the observer that's driving the car.

Nikki Closser | Now something you just said, you can't have I can't, you know, things we tell ourselves. I can't have this because If you think about the thousands of people you have taught and mentored, that came up so often.

Sue Bryce | Thousands of times.

Nikki Closser | Because of this, I can't, or because of that, I can't. That's That's, like, paralyzing that

Sue Bryce | people Yeah. We do is come up with reasons we can't move forward, and that's why I always say get out of your own way. That you're in the you're in the way. Mhmm. So I think, I I can't take credit for this.

Sue Bryce | Joe Dispenser says, and it's even a car analogy saying you want something, thinking you want something and not allowing it is like hitting the gas pedal and the brake at the same time. Like, you we wanna activate. But then you go to activate and you do that incorrectly, and your emotions will kick you off and kick you straight back to your thoughts and your thoughts, and then you get stuck in a mind loop. I call it the rat wheel because it really is the rat wheel. It's like a little rat on a wheel, and you're just thinking, responding, thinking, responding, This is how I learned how to break my own loop.

Sue Bryce | I was I mean, my husband's gonna be like, are you gonna talking about me in this workshop. I mean, we're like, no. Cause you've taught me so many lessons in the last 8 years. I can't believe how much you've taught me and loved, but we we dated Weibo back then, and, it didn't work out. So I was crushed.

Sue Bryce | And, you know, without knowing, of course, I've felt rejected, so I'm obsessing. And rejection breeds obsession So let's say if you've been rejected, my thoughts, oh, my thoughts is saying stuff and, rejection is, like, my thoughts will be saying ego stuff. Like, you will get very confused here. You won't know whether you're the most amazing person on her or the most disgusting human on earth because you really will not be able to distinguish between the 2. So the rejection loop is worse because it's obsession now.

Sue Bryce | And now that loop is my thoughts and my feelings are obsessed. We've all been there So I get on I go to the gym with a friend and I get on the treadmill to just run, like, 3 k or whatever. And I start to and I can't. I can't walk. I can't run because I am sessing in my head.

Sue Bryce | So I'm like, dark about it. I can't shake it. I can't I tried throwing it out of the car. Take this emotion. Throw it out of the car.

Sue Bryce | Take the emotion. Throw it out of the car. I was doing all the stuff journaling, journaling, as I say. I wanna I just could not get rid of the obsession. And, of course, I didn't say this is a mind obsession.

Sue Bryce | You've been rejected, so you're obsessing. Now you can say that to yourself. So I removed myself from the treadmill, and I went and sat in a massage chair because and I put coins in it, and I started getting this chair message, and I just sat there thinking about why I could not stop thinking about what I was thinking about Mhmm. And all of a sudden, I imagine myself standing on stage, and I imagine somebody asked me this question. How do you break a mind loop when you can't let go of it?

Sue Bryce | And when it wasn't my emotion that I was talking about, when it wasn't my emotion squawking in the front seat, when it was a student asking me the question, I instantly, in my visual mind, instantly stood up on stage, and I said rejection breeds of session. And you're stuck in a loop because you're not accepting. You are not accepting the now. And as soon as it came out of my mouth, like, as a teacher, I went, oh, that's what I'm doing. And I could see that I was doing it, and I broke my loop.

Sue Bryce | And then I was like, I'm not accepting that I've been rejected by this person. And I have to accept that this is not the right time, not the right person for me right now, and I need to go back to self love, but it took me that experience to understand that loop. So, yeah, the loop is when you get stuck in your thoughts and your feelings and you never get to what you want and you never get to a daily focus. Because, unfortunately, my thoughts and my feelings will take you on a downward spiral super fast because all it takes is one rejection one feeling of shame, one old story, and then your back in rejection and looking for more of it.

Nikki Closser | And and I I feel like it's a painful to admit to ourselves that we are being rejected, but, you know, I was reading through all my notes about this segment through the the workshop when you did the workshop, and you open with why do we suffer? Like, you know, what is it about why we learn stuff suffer.

Sue Bryce | I wrote a million reasons, uni for someone, uni for something to be different, uni for something to change, uni for the past to be different, spending too much time in the future. There's a million reasons around earning for something you don't have. Mhmm. The bottom line is people are happy when they create the life that they want for themselves. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | They really are, and most of us are not living their life. So we're not happy. We're not living our true purpose. We're not living our soul path. We're not walking our true path.

Sue Bryce | We're not speaking out for ourselves. We're not sitting healthy boundaries. We're not we're over helping over nurturing, overdoing for others, feeling resentful, constantly struggling in our lives, giving away our time, giving away our energy, giving away our money, and not giving it to ourselves. And we don't honor ourselves and give ourselves all of these things. We give them to other people, and then we get stuck and a rat will of just disenchantment.

Sue Bryce | You're just resentful because you don't have what you want and other people take what they want, and that's what feels like. It really does.

Nikki Closser | 1 of I know one of our greatest fears is rejection. Like, why? Why are we so afraid of of rejection.

Sue Bryce | It means death. Trivally, it means death. You're a human being. We're we're tribal creatures. We know that rejection from the tribe means I will not survive.

Sue Bryce | That's why we have secondary bonding. Like the love relationship in your life is your primary relationship. Why would you bond with other people in the tribe? In case that primary relationship kicks you out you have more chance of survival if you've secondary bonded with the rest of the tribe. Right?

Sue Bryce | If you have other allies and friends within the tribe, that you can connect to. To us, it just means death. And I do say it. I think it's in the segment where on stage where I say, You know, if you look at rejection, social rejection, it's up there with being burned alive, being buried alive, being eaten by a shark, then killed by a snake. Like, it's up there with the most frightening things you can imagine.

Sue Bryce | So to be socially rejected, is non acceptance. It's it's turning away from you. You're you're not even good enough to survive because I don't love you, and you won't survive in this tribe. That's how we feel.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And that's how a lot of people feel on Facebook too.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yeah. No kidding.

Sue Bryce | Greatly guys. It's just Facebook. This makes you more of what you already are, like, money. But that's it. Right?

Sue Bryce | So you've gotta kind of, understand rejection is our greatest fear, and you're going to get rejected multiple times. You'll get rejected in love. You'll rejected in business, you'll get rejected in, and it's really just somebody saying no. And when you love who you are, somebody saying no doesn't hurt. As much.

Nikki Closser | So something you said was about how suffering can become a habit. And I remember Dan came home from a party. This was This was I think this was before I even met you. And he had asked this girl, hey. How's it been going?

Nikki Closser | I haven't seen you in years. And she goes, I'm living. And he goes, I I feel like that was just her her everyday response. I'm living. And he was like, that's so sad.

Nikki Closser | Like, I'm so sad. And then when you talked about how it becomes a habit, I think people choose to respond negatively every time How's it going? What's new? Nothing? Everything's fine.

Nikki Closser | You know, it's like, if it's a habit.

Sue Bryce | It is a habit. It's a personality at that point. You know, our habits become personalities. We do things repeatedly, and they become our persona. You know, and that's an identity at that point.

Sue Bryce | You can really take on an identity from other people. You can take on identity from around you. You can take on an identity of suffering constantly. I mean, I have I know somebody that whenever they ask a question, they always say, what are you excited about? And I always think to myself, is that don't you think that's like an interview?

Sue Bryce | Like, what are you excited about? I don't know. It doesn't feel like to me, a very personal question. So I I always think about that, and I always think that's such an odd thing to ask people, but when you do ask that question, when I've heard this person ask that question, people kind of, like, who normally respond, like, just living or day to day or whatever. You know, they kind of go,

Nikki Closser | oh, oh,

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Like, what are your personal goals? Happy New Year? Have you set your personal goals? And people always go like, oh.

Sue Bryce | Like, what are you gonna personally create for yourself this year? Yeah. And

Nikki Closser | I'm not saying I'm always sunshine in rainbows. Like, You know, I'm not always that. But when you start to realize how you're responding Yeah. And it's like, oh, Am I choosing suffering? Am I choosing this to be a habit?

Sue Bryce | You suffer for anything you want that you don't have. And, you know, at the end of the day, you can create it for yourself. If you can't create it for yourself, you have to accept that you don't have it. And find something that you love more. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But I can break down suffering a 1,000,000 different ways, uning fear, reject getting stuck in that loop, but at the end of the day, when you wake up excited, when you're in love with your life, when you're in love with your day, with your future, with your house, with your partner, with yourself, with your body, with your job, with your career, with your business, with your friends, with your experiences. When you're in love with your future, You let go of old trauma. You let go of old thoughts. You let go of old stories. You let you just let go of them.

Sue Bryce | They're still there. I can still bring them all back. I just don't wake up in those emotions anymore. How could I? I'm so excited.

Sue Bryce | I bought a house for the first time, within 2 years ago, I was forty eight years old when I bought my first house. This was a monumental moment for me. It was incredible. And I love this house, and I am renovating it and making it mine, and it is the most incredible experience of my life. And I I honestly have For the first time in my adult life, I have an en suite in my own bedroom.

Sue Bryce | Like, I I have I have this really cool really cool on suite, and we just renovated our bathroom. So I've woken up every day for the last 3 months, opened my eyes, right as the sun's come up and gone like this. That's my dream bathroom. And already after it's been my bathroom for 4 months, I can already see that I have another dream bathroom one day, but I wake with a gratitude for this bathroom and this house. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And maybe it's because I didn't get a house before now, or maybe it because it's intrinsically tied to my narrative, which is my parents that didn't buy a home until they were in their late forties. And it was a very modest home, but we got 1 and Finally, we were homeowners, and that might not mean anything to you out there, but for me, it's like shifted a massive amount of value, but all I know is When I wake up every morning, how could I ever wake up in yesterday's emotions? When I wake up and see this bathroom that I have so much gratitude for because I truly wanted it. I I knew exactly what I wanted and I shopped for it and I, you know, I did the work and I felt so good about it. So When you create in your life, what you really want, there is no suffering.

Sue Bryce | There is no brain loop. You might loop over something someone said. But then you'll apologize for your behavior or, you know, you'll you'll understand that they were coming from a different place, but you no longer get stuck.

Nikki Closser | There's okay. 2 things. One thing, I feel like sometimes I get stuck in the loop of more and more. And I am not enjoying what I have. And the other day, we drove up to the house, and we had our boys in the back, and we had just come from our our cottage and Sue, the fact that I have a cottage on a lake and a beautiful home is still mind blowing to me.

Nikki Closser | And I think sometimes I forget to sit and enjoy it because I'm always like, well, what about this and what's next? And, like, I'm not Just so we pulled up the other day in my minivan because I love my minivan. And I said, look at my husband. I'm like, oh, look at this. This is our home.

Nikki Closser | Like, it just felt so amazing and so wonderful. And I don't take time to appreciate it because I'm like, what's next? And you know, it it's just, you know, am I making any sense?

Sue Bryce | Yeah. No. That is. And the thing is is because we live in a Never satisfied. Never enough.

Sue Bryce | Never satisfied. Never. Never satisfied. Never satisfied. Never enough.

Nikki Closser | I don't believe I ever thought I would ever have the things I do.

Sue Bryce | Right. So what would be the gratitude and acceptance? You could say as you're driving there, like, you could even say to the kids, guys, do you wanna go to the lake house? Like, if you say it like that, it's kind of like, wait. We have a lake house?

Sue Bryce | Yes.

Nikki Closser | Like, no.

Sue Bryce | Nikki. You have a lake house. I know.

Nikki Closser | And it's my dream as a child. Like, my unattainable, that's for other people. That's

Sue Bryce | not you did. You'll send it way.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I know. I'm totally attainable. Ugh, it is very attainable because I've attained it.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So I say to my husband, our gratitude with our house is look what we did. Look what we did.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I love that.

Sue Bryce | And he goes, I know. Look, what we did. And I'll say, I love our house babe. I love our house babe. And he goes, I love our house babe.

Sue Bryce | I love our house babe. You speak it. And the thing is speaking gratitude is so different. Like, I wake up in the morning. I speak gratitude as I'm walking to the coffee machine.

Sue Bryce | I'm just like, I love my house. I love my bathrobe. I love myself. I love my business. I love my life.

Sue Bryce | I love my body. I love my pug. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | When there was a quote that I wrote down during this segment, and you just said it. Fall in love with your future. Fall in love with your future. And if you can so so what about the people who are like, right now thinking, well, I don't even know what my future is gonna be. I don't know how to fall in love with a future that I don't even know is gonna be great.

Nikki Closser | Like, how do you respond to those people. Thank you.

Sue Bryce | Nobody knows what the future's gonna be. And that's the best part, but the ones that don't know or can't make plans are just stuck in there today. This or there yesterday. So when you get stuck in my thoughts and my feelings, you live month to month, and you can't make plans. You can't grow.

Sue Bryce | You can't expand. You can't evolve and you can't grow in any way because you can't make plans. People who live in this survival and And some people, even with money, can live in survival because it's more of a mentality of I can't because or I can't grow or it's a glass ceiling, and you just keep stopping. But the truth is is you don't know what the future is. Falling in love with this future is this idea of what I'm creating in my life and I unfold it every single day.

Sue Bryce | And it's not always joyful. Sometimes it's, you know, maintenance or but but it is always unfolding. And I feel like when you wake up and you just think to yourself, I I know of the future I want, but I'm not fixated on the future I want. I'm fixated on what it brings me today and how I can experience it today. So I got up yesterday.

Sue Bryce | I got up at 5:30. I wrote for a few hours. I went to hot yoga. I came back I had to do some meetings. I had to go to the doctors.

Sue Bryce | I was running around and I started to get stressed out. And then inevitably, I heard myself say to my husband, I gotta do this and this and this and I didn't get this done. And I just looked at him, and I said, and I'm self employed, and I don't know why I'm yelling right now. Because I can do whatever I want because I'm my own boss. And I just instantly go back into this old pattern of look how special and important I am.

Sue Bryce | I've got so much to do, and and I'm important. And I think I I have to constantly just stop myself and say, what are you doing? Mhmm. You're here to enjoy this life. You're here to create yourself You're here to create this life.

Sue Bryce | Remember this story. We we wake up every day, and we say, I got one more day. Mhmm. What am I gonna do with it?

Nikki Closser | Sue, why do people resist their desires and what they want.

Sue Bryce | Because they believe their thoughts and their feelings, and they don't believe they're worthy of having that.

Nikki Closser | Going back to that.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Because that's it. Somebody said this belief in you, and that belief speaks every morning and my thoughts. And then when my feelings spawns, my feelings just has evidence that this is always there. So my feelings doesn't know any different.

Sue Bryce | My thought keep squawking and you keep saying the same thing in your head and your emotions keep responding the same way. So you're never gonna get out of it until you until you just listen to those voices and stop them from talking, but you definitely stop them from talking. When you start achieving what you really want. Yeah. How does it cancel out all that trauma, all that past, all that It's like because it's everything I ever wanted.

Sue Bryce | And the trauma is in the past, but when I don't have everything I want, I bring the trauma back because I don't know anything else. It's simple. Let it go for a second, and and here's a good way. I I love this. It's a good exercise.

Sue Bryce | When you are stuck in obsessive loop, okay, so imagine you're in your car. Close your eyes for a minute. You're driving. Okay. My thoughts and my feelings.

Sue Bryce | We've got this loop going on. Got this loop going on. Don't worry about my feelings. My feelings is just being a three year old. So my thoughts is gonna say something like, so what do you want?

Sue Bryce | And my thoughts is gonna say, George. Because that was my that was my obsession. And then my feelings are gonna say, but he doesn't want you. My thoughts are gonna say, still want George. And then my feelings are gonna give it, but he doesn't want you.

Sue Bryce | My thoughts are gonna say, yeah, because your disgust and you're this and you're that and you're that. My feelings are gonna go, and then I go, but what do you want? My thoughts will go, George, because I'm obsessed. Am I just keep saying I want this thing. I want this thing.

Sue Bryce | I want this thing, and I can't have it, and I can't have it because and they can't have it because it's what gonna drag me down because that old story is gonna take me down. It's gonna take me down, and it's gonna take me down. So what happens if the observer says, what do you want? And the thought says, George? And you don't listen to my feelings for a minute, then you say, what else do you want?

Sue Bryce | And then my feelings say, George. And they go, what else do you want? And they go, George. And I go, I know because you're a little obsessed right now with George. So what else do you want, George?

Sue Bryce | And what else do you want also aside from George? Oh, well, a new house to live in. Great. What else? George.

Sue Bryce | But what else do you want? A new car? I keep asking myself what else I wanted because I was a assessed with this rejection, and I couldn't break out of it. But at the end of the day, I keep asking myself, what do I want? And I keep saying the one thing I couldn't have So I was like, but I want other things.

Sue Bryce | I want other things outside of him. I want a new car. I want a new, you know, studio. I want I wanna trip back home. And I started to keep saying, but what do you want?

Sue Bryce | And I'd go, say my obsession, and then I'd say, and I want this. And then I'd started to get excited about these other things, and I could just let that obsession go. But as soon as you say it, rejection breeds obsession, you break the obsession. This was one of my favorite I think this was one of my favorite sort of quotes from being on stage. And that was if you're earning for something, create it.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Create it. If you're earning for someone, you can't earn for someone else. That's rejection. To stay tuning for someone that doesn't want you is to hold yourself in rejection.

Sue Bryce | Honor yourself. That's what you need to do there. And if you're aiming for something to change, something from the past, you have to accept it. Well, you can't move on. Change it or accept it.

Sue Bryce | There's no other option. If you're using for someone to change, You have to accept them. And sometimes accepting people is acknowledging that you do the same thing or that you have this in you as well. Uning for the past to be different is forgiveness. You can't change the past.

Sue Bryce | Nobody, you can only forgive the past. Living in the past. If you're back there, trap there living in the past in last decade's emotions, You need to be present in the now and learn a new way forward because that's stuck in the old way. And if you're living in the future, which is just fair or fantasy, then you're saying you're not worthy of having a life right now. You're saying you're not worthy of love now as you are, and that is self love and acceptance.

Sue Bryce | And if you're learning, learning to be loved, to be loved more, Then you have to love yourself more because it doesn't come from outside of you. It comes inside of you out. So no more earning, no more I can't, no more poor me, no more old stories, We clear those emotions, take that car for a spin, listen to my thoughts, my feelings, get into alignment with what we really want in life, and start running towards it, like your life depends on it.

Nikki Closser | And break that habit of suffering. You can

Sue Bryce | do it. You can do it. The persona.

Nikki Closser | Yep. Yep. Well, thank you. Thank you, Sue. As we wrap up video 3, we're heading into avoidance.

Nikki Closser | This is another one of my I feel like everyone I'm gonna say is one of my favorites, but really this This is one of my favorites too. Thank you so much.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 03 - Suffering ====
