==== Start of Transcript: Money Mindset 02 ====

Hi, everyone. Tell me if you can see me and if you can hear me, I'm just seeing an image 2. Both Jen and Nicky. Alright. It's getting my money wheel.

I put the money well into the group for you to see, and, I wanna make sure that you guys can see it if if you can't attend the group, I've asked, Nikki or Jen to post it in comments if they can't post it in comments. I do have it here, And, I've gotta make sure that it's in front of me so I can break it down with you today because I have if you've done the, Wheel of Miss Fortune, I have worked on the Will of Smith's Fortun Boy. Things have changed and grown, so I'm very excited about that. Let me see if I I don't have a chat window, do I? I only have what I can see on the screen, so I need people to if anybody can just leave me a comment, then I'll know, or I'll refresh, I think I might have to.

Oscar. How are you all doing? I know you've had a good week. I've been reading all of your comments in the community group and Niana would probably be easier just to go full page. Sorry, guys.

I'm just refreshing my chat so I can talk to you. Thanks, Sarah. Hi, Haroha. Oh, awesome. Thank you, Jen.

Jen just dropped that, and now I can see your comment Sorry, guys. I'm flying a bit blind, but I can't see you, and I like to be able to see you and make sure I'm here and listening. I'm just gonna refresh that. Alright. I wanna get started quickly on a few things.

Before I ask too many questions because I wanna ask lots of questions today, so get ready to give me some answers. But what I like to do is get, you know, a few things out first. So when you rewatch the video, all of the stuff that you need comes up first, so that you can get through that without having to get to the conversation too quickly. Of homework. This homework was for you, even though I had probably 43 people text me and say or message me and say, where do I submit my homework?

Just remember that this is all for you, and you don't need to measure yourself up by any standard anymore. This work is unfolding you. The list you wrote last week will change again today after we talk, and it might change every single week this year. It does not matter. It wasn't about whether you were being a good girl or a bet or a good boy.

It was whether or not you could really unfold yourself so that you know exactly what you want and how you want it. That is the most important part. So Welcome. Let's get stuck into it. I am very excited for today, very, very excited for today.

So I just wanna check-in on your daily ritual for the last week. If you have money pain, if you have guilt, shame, debt, Okay. I need you to look at it every single day, bring out the horrible thing. Tell me who's done that. You can just put a yes.

I'm doing it. And remember, it doesn't have to be debt if you have any guilt and shame around money, any avoidance around money, You need to look at it every single day who has been doing that, and who is still avoiding looking at it the whole point. Yes. There's a lot of yeses. Good.

Good. Good. Who's avoiding it? Because if you don't look at it, you can't take the shame away. If you can't take the shame away, you can't move forward.

Let go, bring out the horrible thing. Every day, kill the shame. Kill it. Kill the shame. Kill that debt.

Smash it. Find a way to smash it, pay it off, get rid of it, bring it to your awareness, bring it to your acceptance, find somebody you trust that can talk to money with you about money with you in a positive way. Take that shame away. Take the guilt away from working on yourself. Take the guilt away for us for things for yourself.

If you feel yourself feeling any guilt or shame, this is literally literally the opposing magnet to money. So nail it. And you know what? We hide it because it's shameful. Once you bring it out, you realize everyone feels the same way.

And it's like, what? Everybody has this dumb preprogrammed shame that they carry around and they don't need to. The biggest thing I've seen from all of your responses and reactions really has been money apathy. You don't look at it. You don't focus on it.

You don't empower it. You don't give it direction. You don't give it a daily focus. You simply just it's either something you avoid at all costs because it hurts, or it's something you just don't really look at or think about or, you know, focus on. So now I'm gonna bring your focus to money, and I'm gonna bring your focus to the fact that you deserve everything you're asking for.

So every single day, I need you to normalize this money, whatever your money energy is, whether you're stinky, whether you're in debt with bad pain, whether you're struggling in an addictive cycle because your avoidance has gotten out of control, and you need more help, It doesn't matter. You must bring this to the light. You're to look at your money every day and look at what you're not doing with your money every day. So many people when they first started this work are like, but how? But how?

And I'm like, but how have you ever tried to just focus on something that you really want in a positive way every single day for 30 days. Have you ever just tried to do that every day? Just wake up and say, It's like I do the plank challenge every year. Every year for 30 days, I wake up and I plank. I love it, and I don't love planking.

I don't plan for my normal life, but I love the discipline of doing something every day for 30 days and going from barely being able to hold a thirty second plank to doing a 5 minute plank and just going, you know, when I enjoy something, I can discipline myself to do anything. So making money is joyful, creating your future is joyful, falling in love with your day as joyful, stopping afraid of it. There's so much power and joy here. And you once you get over that guilt and shame, you're just diving in, like feet first, every single day to what can I create today? I have unlimited potential.

What can I create today? So if you're at that next level, you don't have any debt, but you're just not connected. You don't feel fulfilled. Maybe somebody else gets the money, and you don't really have to worry. This is 2 2 synergies I see here.

The first one is I have a lot. Who am I to ask for more? I have a lot compared to most. Who am I to ask for more? That's called that's called Gelton Shame, If you want guilt and shame, you're gonna push away extra money.

Who are you to ask for more? You are someone who deserves whatever they want. You're not taking away from another human being by asking for more and stepping up to receive more. And fact, you're liberating more human beings by living your path, your true path, and living your dreams, and they are what you do that, and then they will step up and create, take the guilt away, take the shame away. You're more than enough to thrive, you're more than enough to have whatever you want, you are more than enough.

So if you're at that next level and you're not focused, get up every day, focus on your money, And if there's no money to focus on, then reinvigorate the goals, make bigger goals, ask for more, look at them every day, because after you look at your money, you then look at your goals and reconnect with those because you asking for the money to be able to achieve the goals that's called direction and focus. Oh my gosh. I have goosebumps all over my body right now because when we talk about money activation, I activate, and I can't stop activating. It's just I'm just like, I'm so into it. I've just pressed my, clicker like eight times and got ahead of myself.

So Looking at your money every day, next level is looking at your goals every day. And if you're still unfolding what those goals are, they your homework every single day. So here's a little game for you. Can I just check-in on the guilt and shame, please? That is a deep shame I carry.

I screwed up by giving all my money away to guilt. Why? I don't deserve more and others have less, and you don't deserve it. Oh my goodness, Cynthia. You know, I tell you this amazing story when I was a photographer and employed and I was earning $400 a week, fairly scraping by, but I had this very cool job in my twenties.

After 2 years, I found out that the makeup artist who I'd been working there 4 or 5 years longer than her, but the makeup artist who I had employed as my receptionist slash makeup artist was actually getting paid more than me, and I found out after 2 years. And when I confronted my boss, and said, like, you're getting $7000 from me, from a photo shoot, and you're paying me $20 an hour. The makeup artist that I employed 2 years ago is earning more money than me. He looked at me and said, she asked. She asked, and I didn't.

So what is the human fate that annoys you the most. I remember playing this game, like, 15 years ago. Somebody said this, and I was with 2 of my best friends at the time, a guy and a girl. And what is the human trait that annoys you the most. For me, the human trait was that annoyed me the most was people pleaser.

By the way, at the time, people pleasing wasn't a phrase that I used. So I said pathetic people because to me, people pleases are pathetic people. That's how I'm just telling you what how I phrased this 15 years ago, what the human trait that annoys you the most? Angry people. Oh, yeah.

Anger is like, the human trait that annoys you the most, just so you know, my best friend at the time said, lying. And then my other friend Grant said, procrastination. And he's a huge procrastinator, so I thought that was really interesting. Passive aggression. Oh, yeah.

Passive aggression is the worst. Alright? Keep going. Hit me with your traits that that the trait that most annoys you. You can just say it.

It doesn't matter. Oh, judgmental people. Yes. I wanna talk about judgmental because I got a big lesson downloaded for judgmental this week, Mitsy. It's a good one.

Lack of empathy. Oh, liars. Exactly right. Needy people. Oh, indifference, manipulation, and ignorance.

Oh, yes, that's a good one. Alright. So write down that trait that annoys you the most because that is a trait that you do. And I said people, please, but I said pathetic person. My best friend said, liar, Grant said procrastinator.

Now wait. Then the we flip over the card, and it says, well, this is the trait that you most annoys you about yourself. And in my head, I was like, I'm not pathetic. And I say, well, why did you say pathetic person? And I because I don't like people that, like, I just wanna be validated, and I just wanna, yeah, I was a people pleaser.

Totally. I was a people pleaser. And as soon as I saw that, I totally acknowledge that I do it. Now I look at Grant and Grant's sitting there going, okay, well, I guess I am a procrastinator. And I'm like, yeah, Grant, you are the worst procrastinator, you know, and he really was the big and he could see it in himself.

But when I looked at my best friend, When I looked at her, she was bright red in the face, angry red. She looked at me and she goes, I am not a liar. Now I've known this girl since she was fourteen years old. She was my First bridesmaid, she is my best friend, my twin soul, and my sister. And she is one of the most beautiful, authentic, honest people you'll ever meet in your life.

And I was watching her face burn with anger And I looked at her, and I said, Ruby, you are a liar. You never tell people how you really feel. You can ask you what's wrong, and you'll say nothing. Or I'm fine. I was like, you never speak up for yourself.

You never tell people when you're upset. You just lie. You lie all the time, and you hate it. Because you want to tell people the truth and you don't. So don't get tripped up by your word people didn't write a word because they knew I was gonna flip it on them.

And it's okay that you wrote that word. What does that word mean to you, and how are you doing that word to yourself? It's just a little lesson. It's a good one, and it just reminds you. It reminds you to constantly see yourself mirrored back in other people.

Can we take a moment, silence, just to say a little prayer or a little mantra, to release that people pleaser that lives in all of us? We need to do that for money coaching, so we can ask for more. And we also need to do that so we can unfold what it is that we really want, because if we can't say what we want, then how can we create it and ask for it? The little people pleaser in us has been pleasing other people for so long that you might actually not know what you want. And if you don't know what you want, it's because you've been pleasing others for so long, and you haven't walked that path yet.

So let's just take a little moment to acknowledge that people pleaser that live in all of us, that liar that lives in all of us, that judgmental person that lives in all of us. If you feel judged or you feel like people are judging you, you are judging other people. We do it all the time. If you feel like you have no, if you said empathy, you must have some empathy for yourself. If you said angry, then look at what is making you angry because anger comes from sadness, And we all know that's because we're not living the life we want.

So it's okay to acknowledge these traits in us, it's okay to acknowledge them. So if you don't want to acknowledge people pleasing, acknowledge whatever your word was. To forgive all of those that trespassed against our little people pleases themselves when we could not communicate what we wanted, When we said yes to people, but inside, we just screamed no with resentment. Caitlyn bought me this in 2015 when I built my first online platform. She bought it for me because she said that I need to learn how to say this word to people, and I couldn't say it.

So this sat on my desk.

No. Me.

No. It's on Amazon. You can buy them for, like, $7, you can also buy a yellow button that says dance party if you just wanna stop and party for a minute and just to remind yourself to have a good time and be joyful even when you're saying.

No. No. No.

To people? No. Because that is a boundary. A boundary is no. It's not an ultimatum.

And it's not a request. Okay. Saying something to somebody and saying, I really would prefer it. If you don't do this anymore, that's a request.

No. No. No. A thousand times. No.

That's a boundary. Alright. We need to sit some boundaries around our money today. We need to set some boundaries around people. We need to set some boundaries around judgment, around who we believe we are, right, who we are putting out there.

So to that little people, please are in all of us, that has kept their mouth shut, that has not made goals for themselves, that has not asked for more, To forgive all those who trespassed against that little people pleaser, because that little people pleaser didn't know how to ask for what they wanted. This is for all the times we went along with it, even though our gut burns every time, and you say nothing. People break your boundaries and trued on your boundaries, and you say nothing but you burn with resentment afterwards. That's for every time you responded, I'm fine and lied. Instead of speaking the truth and validating your feelings, when you really wanted to rage at people, this is for every time that we tried to set a boundary and that person bulldozed into you and bulldoze that boundary down.

And for every time you tried to set a boundary or communicate your feelings and they stonewalled you, dismissed you, and belittled you for every narcissist that wanted to be with us in our lives because narcissist actually require people with zero needs. That's what this mantra and prayer is for to all the people that you have to break up in your life because you can't set a boundary with them, or when you finally set the boundary with them, they're like, who are you? Where do you get off? Like, you just give, give, give, and now you don't want to meet my needs anymore to all the people that control you. Because you let them because you never set a boundary because you're trick boundary line is turned off and people are stomping all over it.

Because you just stayed quiet instead of asking for more, because you had enough, and who are you to just keep asking for more than enough? Let's say a little prayer for that little people, please, Let's release them. I'm a fierce, proud independent woman. I have no education and that crippled me for years. So I learned, I learned, and I learned, and I mastered my craft, and I mastered money, and I mastered business.

And then I built a life that I truly wanted. And now I stand out for myself, I speak up for myself, but it's still hard. But I am not going to spend my life just getting enough any more. I deserve more. I want more.

I'm prepared to work for more. I'm prepared to Yep up and do what it takes to be more to see myself as more to ask for more to receive more. I want to flip this mirror very quickly. You have to understand I was such a big people pleaser It felt to me like people were taking from me. How many people pleases do you know?

I'm not talking about you for a second. How many people do you barrel over without even knowing it. How many people do you stonewall emotionally without knowing it? Because they can't speak up for themselves. People pleases have a lot a lot to step up for.

We've stayed quiet for so long when we start telling people what we want, they start seeing us as trying to disrupt lives. And all we've ever done is try and make everybody else's lives more comfortable. And in doing so, you lied about what you wanted. You didn't speak up for yourself. And when I want something, when I'm at full power, I will barrel over people who are not speaking up.

I will stonewall people without knowing it. How many times do you do it to other people? And you have to acknowledge. You can't always be this victim. You have to acknowledge when you acknowledge that somebody has taken advantage of you or you were in a situation that you let that happen.

You do have to acknowledge that other people can feel that way around you too. So it's so good to think about everyone around you and think, who else is living here in this in this lie of not authentically asking for what they want or deserve. This is so important. You can become trapped so easily in resentment of what others are doing for you when you're not asking for it. So tell me, if you found out someone really close to you wasn't actually happy the whole time and your relationship because they felt that they couldn't speak their worth to you, then how would that make you feel?

You know, we so often say narcissist, narcissist, narcissist, but the people pleaser who the narcissist is using is the one that's the one saying, what about me? I can't move here, but what if there's people all around us that aren't being true and honest with how they feel. You know, it feels overpowering, and it feels like oppression. When somebody when your people place it and you can't and your feelings aren't valid and you can't speak up for yourself and you can't be strong and your boys it feels like oppression. It feels like a crime is being perpetrated against you.

And if you think that sounds dramatic, try being a people pleaser the root of all crime is a lack of respect. By its very nature, people pleasing is a lack of respect for yourself and your own boundaries. This week, I've heard lots of, I'm getting this, and I want this, but my Thrive budget is 5 times more. Mostly your Thrive budget is 100% more than what you're getting right. Now did you notice that everybody asked for twice as much?

Is that a safe number? Just twice as much, or is that a shocking number? Twice? What you currently allow for yourself, and you see the energy shift here. Did you learn that lesson here?

Did you feel that shift? Because the whole point of getting that first list down was taking charge of your money. That survival budget was so that you could actually look at it too many people in this group put things that are not in their survival budget on that survival budget. Some people put things on there that they want, some people think, no, this is the now budget. It's happening right now.

It was to bring you to the now so that you could accept and awaken to what you are currently doing with money because you're about to ask for a whole lot more and guess what. Whatever you're doing with money now, you're going to do it again, you're gonna do that with more money. So until you get clear around what that shame is, what that is, then you are not going to move forward. The whole point of this first homework was for you to see what you're not asking for. And for the people that just get by, when I look at that and I go, oh, my driver is $6, but my Thrive is 12,000.

I'm like, Okay. Yourthrive could be, literally now, could be 6 or $7000 it can just be like right above that, and you could be directing all of that money right now, but we sit down and we realize we're not asking for enough. We're just not asking for enough, and I'm gonna teach you how to ask, boy, I'm gonna teach you how to ask, but you've got to tell me what your focus is every day. And if your focus is not to get up every day, feel in control of your money, with excitement that you can create whatever you want, then we're gonna get you to there first because that is how you power up to the next level and the next level and the next level you get me, I might need to refresh the chat, or is everyone just stop talking? K.

Now, rule number 1, we do that budget, the survival budget so that we can get control. Rule number 2, every single day, we look at it so that we can clear the emotion around it. That is l daily ritual. Then rule number 3, what do you want? And we've got to get the clarity certainty and conviction around what we want.

I am going to use this survive and this Thrive budget over and over again. I'm gonna bring it back. Like I said, it's gonna change, and it's gonna change it might even change every single day. And that's completely okay. If it doesn't Sierra, can you get me some water?

It's okay if it does change every single day because this is not a finite list. It's simply money energy, and your energy is going to shift. I watch people do a survival budget and then ask for a very small amount in a Thriable budget. And then I watch people ask for like a private jet and a Ferrari. So we'll talk about that because there's a big gray area there, which stops people from moving forward.

But this energy is the most important energy, and that is coming to awareness of what you have right now, how you feel about it, what you want, what you're about to create for yourself, how much you're asking for, how much you're not asking for in your everyday life. In the week 1 homework in the reframing old programming, I talked about how you might find some old programming that is still true for you day that somebody said to you years ago, like my family said that I was undisciplined with money, and I was bad with money. Thanks, Sarah. So did anybody get a hit on something from days of old that rings true for them now that you're gonna smash over the next month, or you smash this week? Like, I can't believe my family money energy was this.

Please tell me, I wanna hear it. Don't worry. I'm not gonna trap you like I did with the personal trait. So did anybody get a good awakening? I just want to talk about something.

I call it money style. What's your money style? We have this, I think, idea that people may be, oh, yeah, there's my refresh. Okay. Alright.

I just missed A whole lot of comments. Let me come back. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, I wanna hear what you guys have to say today.

It's true. A lot of courage to finally speak out. Well, lack of respect, lack of boundaries for myself, Wendy, out but yes, we all have a lack of boundaries and respect for ourselves, and that is just the way it goes. Excellent. Alright.

So I'm gonna keep going. So what did they say about you? You know, that you were bad with money, that you struggled with money, you know, I can't afford that money doesn't grow on trees. There's so many good ones, so many good ones. How many of you had a bit of an awakening around the money energy with your parents to see what their money energy was.

And if anybody was replicating their Crave parent, Oh, Terry, you felt guilty that your work was fun and easy. You're about to feel a whole lot more guilty then when that same fun and easy work suddenly starts bringing you four times the money. Because then you're really getting paid to have fun, and who do you think you are, Terry, to have fun with all that money? Who do you think you are? How do you sleep at night?

That's called Money shame, and people shame you all the time. And I love money shame because you can't shame me. I grew up in money shame. But Terry has written a chapter about me in one of her next books called smells like rich people. And I can't wait to read it.

She hasn't told me what she's written in it, but we had this experience when we first met where she said that to me, where she felt like he walked in and said, oh, smells like rich people in here, and I just laughed. And the reason I laughed is you can't shame me for being, wealth I've been poor. The shame of being poor is way more shameful than being wealthy is. I am going to sing, being wealthy from the rooftops and make as many people as they can wealthy. Do you know why I've written a money book?

And it's called rich poor kid. Because Nikki came to me, only a year ago, and she said, we've always talked about being dirty poor kids, where we felt like people made us feel like dirty poor kids when we were kids, and it's a feeling that stays with you as you grow up in your self worth. And Nikki said to me, last year, when do you stop feeling like a poor kid? And I looked at her, and I said, Nicky, I'm just a rich poor kid. I still do poor girl shit every single day.

I'm a rich poor kid, and I'm proud of that. I'm proud of what I've built, and I'm proud of what I've created. So this whole point of this money book is that I need as many cessories as possible, so hurry up and get as rich as you can this month, please. This energy, it's not wishes There's no, like, fantasy here. This is applied energy.

It's just focus and emotion and stuff move so fast when you focus and clear that emotion. So right. Thank you for loading all those. Things, let's say, my family doesn't value anything. Everything is too expensive.

Everything is about price. Okay. So Jen, what do they value that's not sort of monetary? Like, do they value time spent? Like what's the love language there?

If it's not, if everything is monetary in price or tight fistedness, Tight fistedness stops people from enjoying life. Man, that's on the wheel. I did drop the wheel of misfortune into the chat and Jen will post the link as well if you wanna look at it. I'm gonna bring that up today. I've reworked it.

Dad was never a saver. My mom was a spender. Oh gosh. Isn't it funny how you see their money energy? And you're just like, oh, wow.

That's I got it from, kind of like I said on the power talks, like, where does your incredible body image come from? Just look at mum and dad. That's where it comes from, someone. Okay. Money is flowing freely to me.

Yes, it is. There's the wheel of misfortune. Thank you so much. Okay. I am such a spender, and that's what I'm talking about.

Right now, Valentina, they struggled with money and self value. They told me all the money blocks and limits that they had. So what I didn't understand is that I didn't understand that my money style, like how I am with money is what I prioritize. Now this is really weird. I have a dining table with ten seats.

Right? I have a big dining table. Even when I had a tiny house, I had the same dining table. You have to walk around it again with your bum again the wall, like a New York hotel. Right?

And I have 10 seater dining table because feeding people Having dinner and that experience of eating with people is my highest priority and value. So that means no matter what, I'm going to have ten seater table. Now, I am so into it, I would pay for a chef to come and cook for my friends and family. And I do. I pay for people to come and cook for my friends and my family.

Now that's called a value you might value, classic cars, or you might collect stamps, or you you might value something completely different, but for me, hide in my come and sit at my table, and have a kite that is exactly right. And a cup of tea and something to eat. Okay? And that is how we talk. I had a fridge magnet on my fridge that said, come my friends sit with me.

Let's share our thoughts over cups of tea. And everybody knows at 3 pm, tea becomes wine. So and the conversations get a whole lot better. This is what I really value. So for me, I'm always going to have a table.

I'm always gonna have that table filled with food. Now if you don't value eating with people, you're going to see these people just came to my house, and it cost me $300 to have this dinner party, and that is horrendous, and that is going against your value. So now I want you to look at that survival list. Everything on your survival list, you prioritized. And if it's like the way you eat, the way the things you want are all on that list in some way, because you have prioritized the things you really want.

And you earn most for the things you really want that you are not prioritizing. That's why you're all asking for a little bit less. Than what's on your Thrive budget? Let me just check-in on all these comments. My greatest pain comes from watching my mom decline in health.

Yes. I know watching your family get older was what woke me up. Okay? That's what woke me up. Breaking bread with people.

We love it, Angie. My mom's the spinner. Oh, good. We're still there. So, Remember, we wanna forgive our parents.

This is not our DNA. This is just learned behavior and it's mirroring. So we're gonna we're going to release mom and dad's money energy, and forgot to create our own. And if you do have ailing parents, older parents, just know this when my grandmother died, she was in a hospital. And I did not have the means to take her out of that hospital.

And every day I left there, I cried. I'd get in the car and I'd pray, and I'd say, if there's a garden heaven, you won't let me with that woman when it's time for her to leave this world. And then I said, and I am working today so that my parents will never be in this situation. And that I will never be in this situation because money just gives me more options, more options to live, more options to retire, and more options to die how I want to. And it's a very important thing when you're caring for, parents and yourself, that you are truly working towards that.

So this is why money work is so important. So what is your money style? What did you prioritize on that on that survival list? What did you prioritize on the Thrive list that doesn't exist on the survival list? So it's like you're not good enough to have this, but if you dream right it over here, you can have it.

How many people did that? How many people did how many people wrote their Thrive list? And then said, well, how's that gonna happen? How? How?

How? How many people started to think, oh, that could happen this way. That could happen that way and started to control how that money was coming towards you. Your little control freaks. I told you not to ask how.

I told you just to ask for what. Okay. That is the most important. Okay. What does your daily routine with money feel like?

So if you look at that Thrive budget, can you imagine living with that money like living with it? Every single day living this way, because that would mean you're gonna have to start saving. Now if you're thrive is way bigger than what your survival is, you're gonna have to start asking for more, but the first thing you have to do is put at least $20 20 $5 into a savings account every week until you can make it 50 and a 100 and then 100 and then 200 and then 1000 every single week because without accumulating, you're never going to get to the next step. Now the biggest thing for me as a spender was to save but I'm not asking you to save all your money. I'm asking you to stop spending, acknowledge, and and become aware of how you spend your money, and what you spend it on.

And make sure that you're sacrificing a percentage of that money into that savings account so that you can start accumulating because once you start accumulating, that's when you know you're in control. Once you've accumulated, money, you can accumulate so much money because you start to get very good at it, and it's not burning a hole in your pocket. Which is what my programming used to be. I learned I needed when I did my Thrive list, I'm somebody that likes to spend money. I put spending money on my Thripe list.

Spending money is on my Thripe list. I put down. I wanna spend $500 on clothes online a month on my wish list when I first did it. And to me, it was like you want that things that can't come out of your savings or that can't come out of your, you know, emergency fund, so it's got to be channeled into what you want That's why really sitting down and living that budget and living that day, not how you'll look to other people. Forget it.

You don't know how much money people have got. You don't. What does a billionaire look like? I don't know. I've met some.

They look like normal people. They just look like normal people. In fact, You usually know they're rich because they're not dressed up. The people who are not rich, we're all their money. But that might be what they value.

If you wanna wear all your money and have a little bit in the bank, that's okay. Ask for that. Ask for your money style. Never mind what anybody else did. Never mind anybody else's programming.

Never mind what anybody else's telling you you can and can't have as your limits, what do you really want? And how does that feel And how do you imagine living with this Thrive budget? How do you imagine living with it? Receiving it, making that time for yourself If you've made all this time to have holidays, but you don't have a job or a business that actually could you could walk away from, you're gonna have to change that first. That's a big goal you've got down there.

You're gonna start asking for it. In order to start asking for it, you gotta start walking towards each goal. Every single day in order to walk towards it, you've gotta be in alignment with it. You've gotta truly be in alignment with it and know that it coming to you because you've asked for it and you're walking towards it every single day. Did you ask for enough?

Did you ask for the right things? When you look at your survival budget, where is your money going now? Cause it's going to go the same place when you get more of it. What do you naturally prioritize? What did you miss out from that list?

When you look at your Thrive budget, where do you want it to go? What direction? This is what you value most. Why don't you prioritize this now? You know, the only reason you're not getting that thrived list is because you're only focused on asking on what's on that survival list, and I know this because what showing up is exactly what's on that survival list, and that's what you're asking for.

And I just proved it to you. Take a look at what you wrote down. Take a look at what you wrote down and what you wrote down to Thrive. This is not a wish list. You want this, bring it to you.

Make room for it. That's called receiving, And it's very hard to receive when you sit on the couch with your hands, down your pants, and think you're manifesting something. Because you're not. You have to be in alignment. Alignment forces action.

You don't need to take action. Alignment is the first act you need to be in complete alignment every single day. Every single day. The bear necessities versus the pleasures that make life sweet, and who are we to be happy? Who are we to have these sweet pleasures?

And yet that's what we live for. That's what we're here for. That's what we want. Make room for it. Focus on it.

Bring it to you. Bring it to you. You had the power to do that. No more and no less. So if you're really locked on that Thrive budget and you're locked and said, that's what I want.

Go every day, empower it, read it, feel it, get into alignment with it. It starts coming, make room for it. What is congruency? What is congruency? Congruency is the next step.

This is where everybody gets confused about manifestation. Because to me, I think that people come from the secret, and they not doing, I'm gonna manifest a private jet, and and I want a private jet too, but I also know that a private jet cost this much money, and I'm like, I have other priorities. Okay. Remember, it's not about what you can and can't have. It's what you prioritize.

So just say, cool. You want a private jet? Well, I prioritize, a Barbados trip every year. So it doesn't matter. We all have different values, and that the whole point.

But this is not a wish list. This is how you're gonna make it happen. So congruency is where people get very, very confused. So we'll talk more about alignment. Obviously, when you think of something like I want to go to Greece in June, for a holiday for 10 days with my husband.

That is creation, it's thought. Then I'm going to have a reaction to that thought. Maybe the reaction is excitement. Oh, I wanna go to Greece. And then I might text my husband and say, Let's go to Greece in June, and my husband might text back and say, well, that would be nice.

Where are you gonna get $10,000 from? And I will go, I can't because or somebody will go, I can't believe you wanna go, degrees. I can't believe you would go to Greece right now when you've got all these responsibilities, and you've got this, and they're gonna make you feel bad about it, or there's a million scenarios there. But if you said I want $10,000 in this savings account to go to grid and you focused on that every day, how is it coming? I don't know.

I'm just focused on any extra money goes in that direction. You find it. It shows up. It keeps coming faster and faster, and it grows. What you focus on rose.

And it doesn't matter what you do or say. To me, I want this and I will find a way. Oh, that rhymes. It doesn't matter what you do or say I want this and I will find a way. Those are your limits not mine.

It doesn't matter what you do or say I want this, and I'll find a way. It doesn't matter. What you do or what you say, I want this and I will find a way. The hat wants, but the hat wants. So when we're talking about creation of anything we think, and then we respond with feeling.

And this is where we're looking for clarity. Okay, because that emotion will kick us off, put us in a loop, and put us straight back into thinking about how we can't have this thing, thinking about using for it, Instead of staying connected, the feeling is excitement, and then excitement goes to, oh, certainty and conviction. Certainty and conviction is I know what I want. Clarity is I can see what I want. Certainty is I know what I want.

Conviction is I feel I feel like I'm on the right path. Conviction is I know I am doing this and creating this. This is the first three steps to alignment. The 4th one is activating the heart, and the heart is commitment. All those beautiful c words, creation, clarity, certainty, conviction, commitment, commit to the south, commit to a daily ritual, commit to a focus, commit to a focus of growth.

No more, I've been a victim, no more I'm stuck in sabotage, Yeah. If you wanna focus on how you've always sabotaged yourself, spend more time talking about how you always sabotage yourself. Instead, spend more time talking about how you broke your sabotage by getting into alignment with what you want and bringing that to fruition. Commitment sits over the heart commitment is to the self. You can be committed to other people in your life, but you can never be committed to other people's alignment.

You can never align somebody else. You can only align yourself. So this commitment is to you. The purpose is you. It's you.

If it's not for you, the heart is not activated. It's that simple. Yes. It doesn't matter what you do or say I want this, and I will find a way. I love that.

Then come to Italy in June, Amy, work out the total amount you would have to manifest in the next 4 weeks to create that, put it on a board and activate it at full power and exactly that amount of money will come to you, and then we can have a glass of wine in Italy and some cheese and pasta and laugh about how magical the world is. Alright. So we're back to alignment and we're creation, certainty, conviction. We're getting clarity here about what we really want commitment the self congruency and consistency. Congruency is the next logical step.

Now in manifestation, the next logical step is showing up every day in alignment. The congruency is every time you're in alignment, you see things you get random conversations, amazing messages, you get introduced to people just out of the blue that you have these incredible clarity conversations with that you align with, the right people start looking for you, you feel it, It's so powerful, and the crazy part about that is you don't have to do anything other than look for it in a positive light, speak out the gratitude that you're experiencing every day, and you're already a heart magnet because you're already committed to showing up in this focus every single day concurrency is the next logical step. It is logical for me that now you will start to create your Thrive budget. And when you do, when you create this Thrive budget and you set this into your life, I want you to look back at that survive and thrive before and after and say, I used to live like this because I did not ask for more. And Subrise taught me how to ask for more and step up to receive more because I see myself as more, and then I show up in that consistency, and that focus every single day because it's congruent to how I'm activated every single day.

Okay. Because we live in a universe of infinite possibility, and you're gonna wake up tomorrow and do what you did today. Because we live in a universe of infinite possibility, and you're going to wake up and accept yesterday's emotions as today. Because we live in a universe of infinite possibility, and you have infinite potential to become whatever you want, unlimited potential, and you're choosing Just stick with what you asked for yesterday, and you're gonna get what you got yesterday. So here's the gray area.

I want a private jet. Yeah. Is it likely? No. Is it possible?

Yeah. Is the congruency there? I suppose. But hang on. I want to bring you to the dream, but I don't want you to make steps so big that you just fall off the path and avoidance because you didn't bridge the gap to making room for it.

So it doesn't matter how big and bold the request is. In fact, if it's a long jump from where you are now, it's really a big picture goal. And the more important part would be to bridge the now to the big picture goal with a path that is going to unfold you to that level. Do you understand if I tell you you can't manifest it? That's not true.

You can manifest whatever you can sustain a focus for at full emotion of joy. That is almost impossible for people in debt. So until you start to take control and clear the emotion, you can't get to the magic And as you start, you just get a little bit of magic, and this is how I always say people start asking. Oh, no. I'm gonna finish with prayer so far.

So don't worry about that. How you ask. So it depends on is it congruent to the path you are unfolding and allowing yourself, then, yeah, you can have whatever you want. But I need you to start bridging the gap between survive and thrive. And the first thing you have to do is how much of me is in the survive list?

And how much of me is in the Thrive list? And do I only exist in the dream of if I could have more, but I've prioritized everybody else in my life And I know you might be paying for a mortgage and children and all of those other things, but there are things that can be have solid boundaries now so that you can start asking for yourself. This is the lion's chair you're manifesting for yourself. You're aligned with yourself. The gray area is only what you can sustain in yourself.

Alright? Very, very important. You can't manifest for others. If it does not bring you joy to do it, or be it, or give it, or share it. This thing that you want, that you're trying to bring into your world.

If you're trying to bring it into your world for them, and the joy is that you get to give it to them and share it with them, then you will bring it to fruition because you're joyful creating it. But if you think you're trying to bring something into your life to make your kids life better, to make your spouse's life better. You have returned to people pleasing, and I need you to go back to that Thrive list and write about it. If you are not the most important person, on your Thrive list, then you have written the wrong list. You've written a mummy list, or a people, please, a list.

Okay. Let's see. I don't have any Oh, this is gonna refresh my chat. I don't know why it does that, but I have to get newest to get my refresh. No, it won't just go quiet.

I like it when you go quiet on me. Alright. It's very foreshort prioritizing everything and everyone else in the survival. That's the problem, Kate. We're all doing the same thing.

This exercise should show you the one thing. We're all doing exactly the same thing just at different levels, prioritizing everybody else in our lives over our own self value and self worth, because who are we to have anything selfish, selfish people. Okay. So when the intention is, I will have this big thing that but the alignment is not there, then that's how you fail. Right?

If there's no alignment, then you don't actually want it. You're not prepared to focus on it. You're not prepared to congruently take the neck step, and you will not bring it into fruition. Ah, so How do I align with it and walk towards it every day without planning how to make it happen? Oh, that's good asking.

I'll finish with asking today. How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. Attention, awareness, intention, That's what writing your thrivers. It's attention to what you are right now and what you're asking for right now.

You're not asking for enough Gofran, you're not asking for enough. Sister, you're not asking for enough. My brother, you are not asking for enough. Ask for more. This is about attention, awareness, intention that intention here is powerful.

This is activation. This is alignment. This is your focus and emotion. This is how I show up every day and how I feel about it. You know, dreams stay stagnant until you focus on them.

Money just stagnates until you focus on it. Relationships stagnate until you activate them until you focus on them and activate them with great love. For those that need more help on your survival list, This is happening right now. If it's not happening, take it off the list. It's it's not a a homework that you have to measure up for.

I'm not asking you to lie or tell it a simple, a basic truth. I want you to confront this in yourself what you current how you currently live because that is what you're currently focused on, and that's what you're currently getting. I need you to also understand Once you put this survived list, put it in an envelope, seal it with your thrived list, and keep it safe. Open it in 1 year, and you will either throw up in your mouth, or crap, crack up laughing. The crazy part is is you've written this list based on what you think you are worth, And when you see it, you won't remember living like that.

You won't remember the struggle. It's gone for me. The pain I used to feel, the neck pain I would feel coming up to my litter box, just opening bills. Like, the sickness of wondering how the money is gonna show up, you forget it's not you anymore. It's so amazing keeping this paper because it just makes you realize how you were living.

You know, Terry, I was gonna call you out because for all the posts that people wrote about their survive and thrive, yours was one of the lowest. And yet, congruently, you're already walking a path where you're set up as self employed. So the only limit to you tuning the tape on is you asking for more and you just wrote, I'm asking for more and the amount of discomfort that rose up in your chest is horrendous. Yeah. Ask for more.

The reason that I was gonna call you out was not because you called me out for it. It smells like Rich people, but that you said that you were gonna put me in your book. So I can't wait to hear you post about that. Please do that into the group so that everybody can read it. It's amazing to me that somebody at your level, you're an author, you're an expert, you're a business owner, is not asking for ten times more than what was on that list.

I looked at that and was like, is that just enough for you, Terry? Just saying. Just saying. Okay. Daily Ritual.

Yes. I do wanna talk about daily was a lot, but right now, Emerald, the daily ritual is empower those goals, rewrite the survive and the thrive. You've got to get to that daily ritual every day. Looking at the work, money, shame, and every day we get closer and closer to daily rituals, and they still have a deep dive to do about daily rituals too that is very, very good. So attention, awareness, intention.

This is activation alignment focus and emotion. Just remember, everything stays stagnant when we avoid it. And it's only truly getting over the emotion of what we're avoiding so that we can power up what's underneath it that will blow your way. Okay. So if you need more help, you can ask questions in the group.

So, we can prioritize this list but it won't take long before you just go back to prioritizing all others. So when you make the Thrive budget about other people, Or when you make the Thrive budget about yourself, but you don't start making room for all of that for yourself, you're going to go back to what you were doing before, and that's why I need you to look at the survival so you know what you're going back to because you're gonna go straight back to that, like, an old lover, and, you know, it won't take long before you're prioritizing all those other people again because you're not putting yourself on that list. But when you truly look at that Thrive list, all those things you want. When you look at that list and say I'm bringing this into my life right now, does it make you feel good to ask for all of that? Who in your world will be jealous if you have all of that?

How much envy will you spark in your family and your friendships you know, how uncomfortable would some of these conversations have to be? You know, it's pretty hard to create a Thrive budget for yourself where you have everything you want in life when you owe people money, and they make you feel bad about it or control you, or you have no control about money and it feels very finite. Like, you can't grow. Trust me. You can grow.

It's only the simple consistent thought you have that you can't, that is keeping you down. Alright? It is truly uncomfortable. Well, you don't need a wealth budget budget as much as you need a list of how you would like to live. Like, how would you like to live?

I when I said that your budget's going to change every week for the next year, it will mine did. Mine's mine's grown many times incremental growth. Especially with money, it's incremental. I don't know why we have to hit the glass ceiling, but we do. It's how we grow.

It's like comparing, it's step by step. We grow. We grow. We grow. We grow.

We learn more. We hit the next selling. We learn more. We hit the next selling. It makes me feel like a narcissist.

You better acknowledge that, Alan, because, a narcissist by definition as a deeply wounded child that takes no responsibility for themselves. So I think what you're really saying is it makes me feel like a selfish person that I would ask for this life that I want. Men aren't brought up that way. They're brought up in a competitive way. Like what they compete for is like a competition for them, it's ego for them, whereas we're not we're not brought up to ask more.

Right? Finding a number that isn't hands down the pants, but is high enough to where I'm, and you're struggling. Okay. Angie, I didn't ask you to judge what you wrote and then put, I can't manifest that. I asked you to just dream, walk, all of the scenarios of the things that you'd like in your world, like, feel them.

What does it feel like to be in Greece? With my husband, it's like, oh, I would have to take a week off work. Oh, you know, there's so many things that come loaded with that. Oh, my little dog getting older, and and I'll have to get somebody to look after her. There's so many reasons why I can't have things, but I didn't ask you how or how much, I just asked what, and what makes you feel good.

And the exercise in itself is enough show you so much discomfort in yourself. Valentina, the crazy thing is that I did this exercise 5 years ago, and I'm now at my Thrive Right? Well, my Thrive is now you survive. So you're surviving now. Get that Thrive pickup.

Glass ceiling around the mountain. Different altitude. Same view. Different altitude. Same view.

Your week 1 homework was unfolding what you really want. Go through that Thrive again. Is it really what you want? You wrote it a week ago. I to it's changed already.

So I want you to be in alignment with all the areas of your life and how many of you found that you were out of alignment in a lot of areas? How many of you felt that you were out of alignment in a lot of areas. Like, are you in alignment now? And if you look at the Thrive, I bet you physical self care is on there because if you're not prioritizing self care, physical self care and your survival, You're gonna put it on your Thrive list because you've told yourself it's something you can't prioritize. That tells me your physical self care It's taking a back seat to everybody else.

How many people give me an amen if that's true for you, and don't worry. I did it too. It's not that shameful. We're all the same. My little freak flag, right?

How many of you are struggling with your body image stuck in a cycle of eating a certain way, dieting a certain way, hey, leading your body a certain way. Follow Terry now, read Terry's book start. I'm peeling that onion because the truth is These are words from Keri's mouth. I've never met anybody happy with their life that hates their body. It's so easy to start picking at your physical when you don't have what you want.

Alright? When you don't have what you want, Mitsy, you have to self care like your life depends on it. That was your awakening to self care. That was it. That was the sign that you needed to go, to grow to to go.

Yes. Alright? I was surprised how much alignment I meant that the good thing, and also being at peace with an area of your life, you can pull that alignment. It doesn't have to be at war. It can just be at peace.

At peace. Alright. Very, very important. The goal is to get into heart alignment, And when you start to get into alignment with yourself and with your money, then your body image shifts because you're not focused on what you're not getting, and we blame our body everything we're not getting. So it really shifts, and that's why you've got to start peeling the onion.

If you think about, like, your relationships deepen, yes, your relationships deepen when there's less stress in the relationship, less money stress, and you're doing more of what you want together. There's so many ways that we bring that money seemingly brings so much, like, love and and focus to our lives, but it's the opposite. It's the love and focus we pull into our lives, and then money shows up because you're in alignment with what you want. Money is the only area that I'm not in alignment with, Jen, that tells me it's not money you're out of alignment with. Itself value, and that's the biggest vertical of them all, is asking for what you believe you're worth and most of us don't even know that we're not asking they don't most people don't even know how to ask for more.

And when I start bringing this into my language, they're like, what are you talking about? You're you watch. You are speaking this Thrive budget into your life. Right now. Writing it is setting the intention for it.

The only thing that can stop you right now is if you make those goals too hairy and scary, and you get stuck in emotional loops. That's the only reason you're not gonna move forward with what's on that thrive right now. You don't need to plan for how it's going to happen. You to wake up and get into alignment. That's getting into happy every day.

Get yourself happy every day into joy. That's your goal. Fastest way to get into alignment is get yourself happy. Oh, don't worry, Jen. You just don't know.

What you've got isn't a reflection of what you're with. It's a reflection of what you ask for. Let's make that clear. What you've got is not a reflection of what you're worth. It's a reflection of what you ask for, which is a reflection of what you're worth.

But anyway, once know that it's not a bad thing that you only have this much. You've only asked for this much. I'm teaching you that you can ask for a whole lot more, and you're like, what do you mean? I ask for more, you can ask for a whole lot more. And that's what you're doing by writing that 5 budget.

That why when you look at it every day, you're focused on that number, that monthly number. It was $6. Now it's 12. I make money easily. I make room in this for me.

I'm on this list. Everything I want is on this list, repower that focus, go about your day, and watch the magic happen. That's how it happens. It's so cool. What does the heart want?

How many of you wrote down problem solving goals? How many of you wrote down things like lose weight and pay off all my debt on their thrive? Like problem, things that you think are going to solve your problems. Because when we make these goals, it's because they will save our emotional selves, but they don't solve any of our problems. So that's why we fail to activate them.

These are what we call emotional loop. Don't do problem solving goals. It's about activating your heart, like what you really want and why. So to heal these areas, you need self care and self respect and self love. You need to make time for yourself on that right budget, or you cannot give that money direction.

And can I ask for more? What would I be if I asked for more? Oh, Terry, what would you be? Selfish? You know, like, what would you be?

And that's when you're saying that, would it be if I ask for more? I just like, who's gonna shame you for getting this? Who's gonna feel envy and make you feel bad about having it? Is it a sister, a brother, a sibling, a friend, everybody in society? What do you think it is that you're doing?

You know, that you're not asking for the thing that you truly, truly, truly want. What you've got isn't a reflection of your worth. It's a reflection of what you asked for. Yes. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. I love that. Instead of pay off my debt, so instead of pay off my debt, change it to now I ask for what I want with clarity and commitment. Do you understand that? So instead of, like, setting a problem solving goal, I want you to be more like a positive affirmation, but you're not trying to shift emotion you're simply reframing a truth.

Instead of I'm paying off this debt, change it to, I now ask for what I want with clarity and commitment. And I am focused on growing my money. I'm focused on growing my money. I'm focused on growing my money. When you tell that bank account every day.

I'm focused on growing my money. I got a money pig. Oh, Sarah, would you get my pig? To my bedroom. It's on my mantelpiece.

It's a money pig. My money pig, he's by my bed. He's the cutest thing, and I saw him, and I paid ridiculous amount of money for this stupid thing at, like, this artist thing in San Diego. And I bought this money pig home, and he's fragile, and now he's He's lost a couple of diamonds. But in my head, I put this money pig by my bed.

And every single day, I wake up in the morning, I program myself to touch my money pig and say, money shows up for me. Hey, little piggy. I'm also the year of the pig in my Chinese horoscope, so lucky golden pig. So I am lucky golden pig, and I the pig is my little money thing. It's about and and it's also about being a pig.

Okay, because I know that when we're growing up and I would say, oh, I, you know, when I grow up, I'm gonna, I want this and this, and people would always talk about being a pig. And they're you're the year of the pig, pigs are greedy and pigs are whatever they are. And so to me, the little pig represents a whole lot of things around money, and I touched that money pig like a mantra, Like, I touch it like programming, like it's activated, on my window, mantelpiece in my bedroom, it's a swarovski money pig like a piggyback. I think everybody should have a money pig, and it should be whatever else you want it to be, but my money pig is a very important thing, and I was like, I love it. Oh, so who's gonna shame you?

Because I married to a wealthy man, I see things they say about him. Yeah. So they have money shamed. So check-in then, Terry, just because you married him and they are shaming his money, check-in that you don't have the same, programming. And your programming may be we just don't ask for more because it's bad to ask for more.

Okay? So find out what the root of that is because all three of you do it. And that very, very important. This is my money pig. It has international currency in it, like whenever I travel, I bring home all my international currency.

And It's like a swarovski crystal kind of thing. Somebody's just bought, like, probably a $10 pig on a Amazon and then stuck crystals on it and then sold it for a ridiculous amount of money. And I bought it because I'm a sucker, but this sucker has made me a lot of money because this sucker was like programming for me. It was just about every day standing up, And I kind of rub his his booty. Like, I've got like, it's like a little genie thing going on.

Like, I love it. My nickname was piggy. Oh, I love that. Stacey, I love that. I love pigs, and I think they're wonderful.

What about the 1% of self doubt? I always go back to gratitude and being grateful for what I have. Well, there's no self doubt and gratitude. If there's self doubt and gratitude, you're not being grateful, self doubt comes up when we stick and guess ourselves or compare ourselves. So that's just back in the loop.

You can stay in the loop, or you can choose to say, Oh, I felt self doubt, but then I got out of the loop, and now I've moved through it. Terry, I think my fear is more, also relates to body image as someone in a big body, I learned to stay small in other areas since my body was taking up so much space. Terry, when I came business, when I became self employed, and I was definitely manifesting a physical presence. It was more than just stuck in a cycle of overeating in fear. I wanted to be bigger.

I wanted to be more androgynous. I wanted to be stronger. I felt like, I was only 30, and I felt like people would take advantage of me because I couldn't speak up for myself. So if I was physically bigger, then I was manifesting very masculine on my body. And also my weight at the time was very mass I was doing my black belt in karate.

I had lots of muscle. I shaved my head. I did very masculine energy things. Because I needed to be bigger. I needed more strength.

I needed to take up more space. I needed to be bigger in the room and bigger on paper and bigger in money and bigger in my voice. And it was definitely the way I was dressing the way I was. In fact, it took me a long time to get my, balance back because I overcompensated, but if if that makes sense, which is a really big thing. Like shaving my head for me was probably the biggest moment.

Self doubt when you're asking for more, but Emerald asking self doubt when you're asking for more comes down to guilt and shame. And if you feel guilt and shame, you might as well ask for more. So just say, oh, there's some guilt and shame here, but you can't just keep getting stuck in the, oh, with the self doubt. Yeah. I do everything with self doubt.

Self doubt is always trying to get in the car. And and fear really dates all that self doubt, right? So it's really fear, and it's okay. Fear's there, just in there. When I quit smoking, I found a full packet of cigarettes on the way home from work.

Every morning, I woke up and told myself that no matter what I would not open that pack. And it's not funny, but you still took it home. You still kept it. You know, and it's true, but the commitment you make to yourself makes you show up every single day when it's what you truly want. I'm an immigrant in Canada.

And when I think about my relatives in my home country and what they are sometimes surviving, I feel guilt, that I ask for more. Yes, Anna. I understand that, and I did the same thing, but then I realized that the more I create for myself, the more I can share with them. And that made me realize that I am all powerful, not guilty at all. Everyone feels guilt and shame.

It's okay. It's okay, but no, guilt and shame don't live in your car, kick them out, Emerald, that's your choice to go back to that story, my thoughts and my feelings. So you gotta break that loop. Before you ask for more money, look at all eight areas of your life as an overview and ask, am I in alignment here? What would I need to be in alignment in this area?

How do I get into alignment here? And remember, don't be too hard on yourself. Focus on one area at a time because it's all linked to self value, so it's all gonna come back to self value anyway. I think about other people in areas of the world who are starving and don't have the opportunities that I do, And I'm not Catholic, but is that Catholic guilt that is definitely a Catholic guilt? Let's just acknowledge the haves and the have nots.

Wallace Swaddell said, if you make a study of poverty, you're bringing the energy of poverty into your mind every single day, and that's all you will feel and see. But if you see poverty, the haves, and the have nots, and you're climbing out of the poverty hole, then all you can say is I am coming. I am grateful because I am becoming. I can free as many people as I can on my way out because I am becoming. The world is becoming see the world as becoming free, and then you won't get trapped in the energy of watching what other people don't have.

And if you're truly spending your energy, on what other people don't have, then you really spent your energy on what you don't want and what you don't have right now, and it's easy to correct that. Because that is just chronic thought. And you can break that and change that frequency. So obviously you work through your eight areas, and that's just gonna bring you to awareness on what other areas need more alignment. And where you're gonna get more excited to get into alignment.

Divide to thrive. Everything you allow for yourself is in between those two numbers. Everything you allow for yourself is between those two numbers. I want you to start living on the left like you deserved the Thrive, and I don't mean earn the Thrive because I don't want you to just start spending money like a crazy person. I want you to start living that Thrive budget in value.

Like, make room for it. Start each savings account, whether it's for a holiday. Now we're gonna get into some big money boundaries, and we're also going to see on your device budget how much money can be taken away from others simply by asking for money. How many people here when monies owe to them? They can't ask for it.

Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. My income partly comes from alimony, and I feel and get shame for not being independent financially. Being a single mum, it's not what I want to reflect to my you're not actually reflecting that to your son, Vineita.

What you're reflecting to him is that, maybe your son's parents separated, and they had to financially manage a household with a shared income, like most couples who have a child. So when you stop working to have a child or you've not worked and you're supported and you have a child, it's because 2 of you have decided to do that, that is not one money earning person and one person who's milking off them as soon as you can, you will be able to start creating an income for yourself, so get rid of that shame. We carry so many narratives of shame around our money situations. The whole point is that we're loading them, not discussing them, not keep bringing them back, that we become aware of them and smash through them. I just help my savings account by going online.

Yes. That's what I do every single week. If there's any extra money, I don't care if it's fifty bucks, I transfer it it makes me feel good. Okay. I had to make a fake business person who sends emails to request payments.

Oh my gosh. I did the same thing. I created a fake receptionist that could ask me money because then it was me. Oh my goodness, Terry. Oh, so funny.

Asking for money owed to me feels poor. Like, I'm desperate for it. That's right. And yet when I owe people money, I force it into the hand. I force it.

Because I've I wanted people to do that for me. I sat I sat each one of my staff down and gave them the money talk you know, the money talkers, you'll be autonomous, you'll be self employed. I want you to work for me until I work for you. It's working. I pretty much work for all of the people that used to work for me.

Now they're all self employed, and now I all do work for them. It's like, that's what I wanted in my life was to make all of these people autonomous. So the whole point of that was I gave them this money talk, and in the money talk, I always say, listen, if I tell you to pick up something on the way to work, and I owe you money, you need to tell me how much money I owe you, and you need to not be afraid of asking me for that money. So I want you to just think of Rhianna's song, bitch better have my money. And you can just text me that.

Like, bitch couldn't have my money. You owe me fifty bucks. I said, because if you don't remind me, I'm not going pay you, and you're gonna burn about it. And the truth is is I just forgot. There are people in this world that go to restaurants and touch their back wallet.

Touch it, but don't bring it out. Like, when the bill comes, and I'll put down my card and go, I've got it over generous, overgiving, and they're like, sweet. Well, it never came out. And there's a lot of people like that, and they won't pay you back unless you ask them. So learning how to ask for money in business, learning how to ask for money from friends is at so literally mind blowing to me.

I had to create a fake business person to send emails. I love it. So what we're really talking about is our focus and emotion, our sustained focus. We wanna focus on our Thrive number. We wanna start walking towards this cyclist.

We want to learn a whole we're going to learn a whole lot about ourselves from the survive to our thrive. We're going to look at this solutions Okay. So when I start asking, what I'm really asking for a solution? That's how I first start asking, and it's no different than when you pray for something, or ask the universe for something that you really want. You're really asking for a solution or a resolution to a problem.

And you're asking for the solution. The way we do that is when we're desperate, we cry out or our prayers are of woe. It's like, oh my gosh, I need rent this month. I just need rent. Please.

Dear lord, just get me rent. I don't know how this is to happen. And as usual god looks down and says, she needs rent. And then you say, and I feel so bad, and I shouldn't be asked for money. I should not be asking for money.

I'm a bad person, and god says, Oh, no. Hold it back. She doesn't want it. She feels bad. The gift doesn't change from god.

You're the one that's going, oh, no. I just need enough. I need enough to get by. I just need to feed my children and feed myself and Oh, we do we need just enough for rent, just enough to feed the children. That's what they've asked for.

Give them that, right? And then it's like, Oh,

I need more. I need more.

I need to pay this bill in. Oh, she's got a bill and sure enough that shows up. Oh, I need this to get my car fixed, but I don't have any money. I'm gonna have to borrow money off my mum again. She's gonna make me feel bad about it.

Now I'm borrowing money, and I feel bad about it. Okay. So now she's got she needs money off a friend or a family member that's gonna make her feel really bad for the month because that's what she's asking for. Give her that. Goodness.

This person is frustrating. If only they asked for what they really wanted, not what they thought they needed this month. You're asking for everything on that list by everything you do, by how you think about it, by how you don't prioritize you on it, by how you don't make room for it, by how you don't align with it and how you don't walk towards it. It is that simple. Once you start focusing on that thrive, it's going to grow.

To grow money, you have to focus on it with positive emotion. To make money flow, you have to focus on it with positive emotion That's why breaking the poverty cycle is hard because in order to change this energy, you have to start feeling good about it and debt comes with struggle and stress and shame and a huge serving of it's not fear, which by the way is envy, and envy becomes resentment. And resentment is earning and why you can't have what you want. To grow money, you have to give it direction towards your goals that fill you with excitement, gratitude, enjoy every single day. To make money flow, your goal is to maintain this state of excitement, gratitude, and joy.

The faster you can maintain that state of excitement gratitude, enjoy the faster it's going to come to you. When you are not in alignment with what you want, what you are doing then is you are not in alignment with what you're saying or saying or doing. And unfortunately, that still attracting. Remember my favorite poet, Anais Ninn, we do not see things as they are. We see things as we are.

If you are not in love with your future, then you're in lag, an in lag is not enough, or just enough, or neither of those states are thriving. Thrive is a daily ritual. Money begets money. Love begets. Love.

It's just perpetuating the same way stress begets stress. It just is a cycle. What is the one thing that will stop you? What is the one thing that will kick you out of alignment and that emotion or stress. And then we go to avoidance because we need stress relief.

Well, when we feel stressed, we go back to stress relief, and that avoidance in itself is perpetuating more of what we don't want. So when you seek the pleasure and avoidance, it's to alleviate the emotional pain that you're not processing. As a people pleaser, the last thing you want is to be inconvenient, and here we are being inconvenient. So inconvenient. No, Terry, rude.

Rude. Because if you're just being ambiguous about what you want and you're crying out and woe, then you are denying the gifts that are in front of you that you can ask for. What do you do about spouses and their own guilt and shame around money? You acknowledge that they are a mirror of you Valentina. And if you're saying it, then you're begging it.

So you can't get someone else into alignment. Nobody can shame me for having money because it's not egoed money that I have. It's, wealth. It's abundance. I'm abundant.

I've been poor. I've been shamed for it. You can't shame me for having a beautiful full life that I really want. That's why I'm fulfilling all of my own boundaries. Stress is just no boundaries.

Stress means you return to people pleasing. Stress means a boundary been broken, anger means that boundary has been stepped on, and you need to speak up for yourself. Does your avoidance involve spending money? You see, my avoidance for a long time was binge eating, and binge eating costs a lot of money. So I could binge eat a lot of and one sitting, and I never had anything.

And when you asked me where I was spending my money on, I didn't have clothes. I didn't have anything. I was spending my money on my avoidance behaviors. Right? So if your avoidance behavior is spending money, it's like an alcoholic having a bottle of vodka in front of them and saying, listen, you can just have one sip.

It's why diets don't work, because you have to eat three times a day or however many times you want. And a diet is like you can't, you can only do this, and then you start to do it. You don't want this. You don't want this feeling. You want this from what you were getting from it.

That's why every behavior has a need. Because you've just got to acknowledge what your need is. Acknowledge the need. So if your avoidance is spending money, or maybe your avoidance is not breaking through selling. Like, you know, you've got to get to the next level in your business, but you have to sell yourself, and that's a big breakthrough to get through.

Or is it that you're not asking for money? So straight out, Jen, when I said, no, you're out of alignment in your self value because you're not asking for more for yourself, that doesn't mean you don't have that you have low self value. That tells me you've never been taught how to ask how you ask now for this Thrive budget will tell me everything I need to know about how you feel about yourself because of what you're gonna allow the flow from now on that you asking now that you know how to ask. Once you know how to ask, you start asking. Once you know that you're getting 100% of what you are for no more and no less you start asking for more.

So does your avoidance involve money, shame? You've got to look at it every day and you need help, someone to help you de shame that money space because until you face that guilt and shame, and take control of the money you currently have, you can't take the next step. Does your avoidance come from no boundaries around money? Is someone else taking your money, or are you giving it away to get love? I gave everything.

Like all people pleases, I gave everything to get love. I was an over given. Welcome to the wheel of miss fortune. I developed this in 2000 and 17, when I wanted to show people now I put it into the coaching sorry. Jen's gonna put a link in here.

Thank you, Jen. I put it into the community group. This is the wheel of misfortune, and it's how you make money. And by the way, leaky and stinky are the two words that I use for people who have no money focused. They are leaky, and they are stinky.

And because it's such palpable energy, like stinky energy. It's like, oh, you're repelling money. I know you're repelling money. Everything on this wheel comes from a place of positivity. Come just like, just like avoidance.

It really comes down to, everything on this leaky list really comes down to your starting off with a certain energy. For instance, you think it's humility by not asking, for things? You think it's humility, but it's false humility because really it's guilt and shame. So it's the opposing energy of humility is the guilt and shame, and you trying to be humble because you have guilt and shame. So you think that not asking comes from humility, and that's not true.

Then we have abundance and scarcity. And between this idea that you think your abundant comes tight fistedness and tight fistedness is holding on to money and not being able to let go and you can't grow and you can't take risk and there's still scarcity there because even though you've squirreled this tight fisted amount away and it's safe, it's not growing, it's not becoming anything. You're not free with money, and you're not experiencing it. The way you want, you're just tight fisted. That's the same as no direction, and no direction from abundance is just a scarcity mentality you live in a world of infinite possibility, and you have unlimited potential.

And there's not enough in this world for you to ask for what you want, it just doesn't make sense. So, you know, you can see that the guilt and shame coming from humility and the scarcity that you think is coming from abundance is really blocking, really blocking money flow. When we want stress relief, we go to pleasure. We seek pleasure to alleviate our pain. We do that with overspending and also avoidance.

Now overspending an avoidance behavior, but weirdly, the avoidance of your debt is also avoidance. And you want pleasure, but you have to spend money to get pleasure, so often, so that's why it's difficult, then we get a little bit stuck there, and unfortunately it comes through a feeling of stress relief, but it's really out of control. When you've no control, These avoidance behaviors just become real big problems and addictions and personas, and they're not who we are. Coming from love, overgiving and no boundaries is coming from a plate of love, overgiving is giving to everyone I love. When it's overgiving and over helping, you're giving everybody what you want.

And not asking for that in return or receiving that in return. And the no boundaries, obviously, is the fact that you're not saying no to anybody, and then you're giving to them. So when you look at this wheel of misfortune, which color are you? Which color draw you in the most? I had to acknowledge my guilt and shame, I was not receiving money and not asking.

When people talk about the daily ritual, they talk about asking for money, they talk about creating abundance without asking how, I'm going to step by step get you through all of that. I know people have me, like, four times, I'm not gonna forget, there's the whole point of this coaching. So I just want you to see how you leak money. And what boundaries you need to put up is the boundary you need to put up around people that you're overgiving to. Is the boundary you need to put up?

I can't give you money anymore. It's that simple. So spend some time with the wheel and just look at where you're leaking money, and then you can talk to me about setting a boundary in every one of those areas so that you can create what you want in every one of those areas and stop what you're doing in your wheel of misfortune. Guilt and shame of success I've had several people say if I become big, they will leave. Fear of abandonment is real.

So when you say become big, you mean your physical body become big and they will leave you, or if you become successful. And then what is success? I think sometimes we talk about making it, not making it instead of just living in this full abundance all the time, and I'm not afraid of success because I success means something different to me. So work out what it does mean to you, and then you can really define that. Yellow and blue.

Yellow and blue, which means no direction and lots of avoidance. And you're sitting on the right side of the wheel, Mitsy, which means that you're coming from a place of wanting abundance. And not asking for it. So now you are looking for stress relief to alleviate the stress of not having it. So see how it just ties in beautifully.

Guilt and shame. Okay. So, Terry, when you look at guilt and shame, you don't have enough money direction because there's guilt and shame, so you're not asking and you're not receiving. And then the fact that you have scarcity means you've probably got no direction as well. Scarcity, isn't it weird that no direction and tight fistedness are on the same wheel, but they both come from abundance and some people have money and some people don't.

You still have a scarcity mentality if it's not thriving, so it's that simple. And it's just really crazy to me. Yellow, orange. Okay. Oh, you're at the top of the wheel.

Not asking. No direction. Sorry, Terry. I got you. That's perfect.

Yeah. You've got guilt and shame over asking, and there's not enough for me to ask. So look at it and really start to see where you're blocked up. I had every color on the world, but green. I'm an overachiever, I know not everybody can have all the colors like me, and I know not everybody can have like, you know, at least even of the 8 colors.

But the truth is, is I did. I had everything but tight firstedness. And I had zero boundaries around money. So the fact that everybody hits that not asking, not receiving, him or not asking no direction at the top, guilt, shame, and there's not enough for me, guilt, shame, and there's not enough for me, Okay. For your pleasure seekers, can we just acknowledge some of us are more pleasure seekers than others?

For instance, I wouldn't waste my time scrolling, Facebook for 2 hours to avoid anything when I could eat for 2 hours because it's so much for fun, or maybe I would eat, well, I'm on Facebook. But you know what I mean? I'm just like, I know exec what I would do is my avoidance. But for you pleasure seekers, a lot of the time, your pleasure seeking cost money. And a lot of your pleasure sneaking carries also a shame, because you're hiding the behavior, whether it's spending money you don't have, or spending on things that other people will judge you for.

So it's completely okay to allow your pleasure seeking bring it to the light, and just understand it's just stress relief, and there's lots of ways to get good stress relief. Yes, Bridget, you're just like me and overachiever. You're everything but tight fisted, which is terrible because at least if you're tight fisted, I'll know that you have a emergency fund nest egg. And you don't because I didn't either. You can break this.

I used to be everything on there. If you push me and said, okay, Sue, be honest. What do you still struggle with now that you have money, now that you have savings, now that you have value, what you still struggle with on that list. I still hit the glass ceiling of not asking for more. I have a lot Who am I to ask for more?

Who am I to ask for more? Woo hoo. It's Rabpin. I'll tell you who I am to ask for more. I want a whole lot more.

I want to help a whole lot more people can build a whole lot more stuff and free a whole lot more people, and I'm gonna need a whole lot more to do that universe. Thank you very much. Not receiving it was not being grateful for it. Not acknowledging gratitude was truly something I want has shown up for me. And I couldn't be grateful because it wasn't really what I wanted.

I was always prioritizing other people's wants. So how could I possibly feel gratitude for having all these things when I wasn't creating it or wanting it, it's just a byproduct. Sure. I can be grateful for that over there, but I want this over here, and I need to focus my energy here because that's where the power is. That's where the power is.

I'm sorry. There's a really good boundary, but you don't have to apologize to anybody. No is the boundary, not I'm sorry. No. No.

No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you're upset that I'm saying no, I'm sorry that I might have inconvenienced you because I've been here for you in the past. You don't have to explain or apologize to anyone for setting a boundary. Not a physical personal boundary, not a self care boundary, you do not need to explain or apologize to a single human being for setting a healthy boundary for yourself.

When somebody wants money from you and you're overgiving with no boundaries, I want you to say no. I can't.

Is my last word? No.

I have prioritized and allocated my funds already this month. I'm sorry. I can't give you money. I have prioritized or allocated my funds already this year. Saying no is keeping it for me.

Saying no is picking up for myself. Saying no is setting a boundary. Saying no makes me richer. Saying no gives me more options. Saying no gives me self respect.

When I have everything I want, I can share it with all those I love. Not the people who take from me and stick on my boundaries. The people who respect my boundaries and share this with me. That is prioritizing me. That is the lion's chair.

And that's my favorite one. The wheel of misfortune, it's in the group. I made a card for it. It's super cool. It's just energy.

We lose money these 8 different ways. 8 is the number of money, by the way, and you're gonna start seeing 8 all the time. I see 8 all the time. 8 88. 8 is the energy of money.

There's 8 things on this wheel. I've been through it for 5 years. I can't add another thing, it comes down to one of those things. We lose money from one of these areas of our lives. If not more.

And we need to put up a solid boundary as to where the money's going, what we're keeping for ourselves, and what we're good enough to ask for. Yes. I will now write a list to stress relief instead of spending. So when I was going through that and I needed to spend a lot of money, I would I wrote a list of things I could do that weren't spending money. For self care that gave me joy.

And it could be something as simple as painting my own fingernails, you know, it was an act, something I did for me, making a cake. You know, I didn't need to go and find more money if I had it in the ingredients in there. I could do whatever I wanted. I just had a list of go to things for self care. And then when I got stuck, or I felt myself wanting to go to avoidance, I would look at myself careless and I'd say, and then as I earned more and more income, I put things on that list like, oh, I can have a message.

Or, oh, I can go and, you know, go to an art gallery today instead of working. I can take the day off and go to the movies, just to replenish my creative soul. Like, I could choose things that were self care that again cost money, but when I first started, it was just about finding things that didn't cost money. And again, if you're asking for your money style, work out if it's out of control behavior, or if it's only out of control because you're not getting spending money, put spending money on your Thrive budget, start asking for it. I'm freaking rainbow.

I have some work to do. Overgiving, not receiving, no direction, tight fisted, and avoidance, and overspending. Stacy needs boundaries. Hi. I'm Stacy, and I need boundaries.

Stacy, I need you to go and put a sign around your, hang 1. I went to your make a sign and hang it around your neck, and it says, I do not set boundaries. If I'm saying yes to you, I probably mean no, and then I want you to buy one of these, Stacy. In fact, text me your address, and I'm gonna send one to you. And then you're just gonna write, you could just write that on your sign, like, right there, and get some boundaries, get some of them boundaries.

Who else is buying a no button? Thanks, Kate. That was the best thing you could have bought. My no button, ah, love it. What about?

I could talk for another hour. I needed another hour this week. I'm sorry, and I talked for nearly 2 hours already. When you are praying and your prayers are woe, you're praying for what you don't want. Worrying is praying for what you don't want.

That is not how you connect to your higher power. You don't pray for what you don't want. You pray for support. You pray for help. You pray for all the things you want in abundance, and then you step towards that and you make room for it in your life.

If you spend your energy just asking for what you need, that's what you're focused on, and any, any focus that you sustain is attracting in that focus. So your prayers cannot be of woah. They have to be of creation. They have to be for joy. They have to be for alignment.

They have to be for abundance so that you are asking in your language every single day for more. You give your money direction by putting it in front of you and telling it what you want it for. This is what I want the money for. Now if you do not step up for yourself in the next month in a respectful way and stay in alignment with what you want and what you believe you're worth, that's not coming to you because you denied the gifts, that's you denying them right now. It's that simple.

Hold the focus. Hold the focus. Alright. The root of resentment is envy. The root of resentment is the envy.

Ah, so whatever you're in bringing, in the in the ring, whatever you're in brewing about other people, bring it into your own world. Whatever you're ending is yours, you wanna get it. Ask for it. Prioritize yourself. Ask focus and emotion.

The law of asking is no more and no less. The law of asking is no more and no less. That's clarity, direction, energy, focus, emotion, and alignment. No more and no less. Ask me some big questions, please, because I've only got 10 more minutes, and I'm gonna let you go.

And thank you for getting through this 2 hours with me. I can talk under water. I've got so much mortgage here, and I know that this coaching's gonna go longer than 4 weeks. But I need you to be rich. I want you to be rich and focused and excited about making money.

I want you to be money making machines. Because it just gives us more options, right? What do you do if you find yourself presenting your spouse for not pulling in all the work because they want face this, that means you're not facing this bridget. What we most resent about our partner holds our greatest emotional need. Once we know that, we start looking at what they're not doing, and we start doing what we think they're not doing.

Right? The law of asking is no more and no less. When you create the spending plan, do you account for every single dollar or just big percentages? I'd say percentages. Yeah.

Round it up. I mean, I'm not dollar for dollar and my maybe you are. I mean, that would be your money style. If you can hear something that sounds like a chain store, We're currently under construction, and they're, just out of the chain force that it's usually my cube to stop talking. So but let me quickly get some questions for you.

Is your Thrive number 33 percent of your business gross? If you're self employed, good, girl. Oh, Metzie, this makes me so happy. When you're self employed and you are running the budget, family budget, then yes. Your Thrive number has to be 33 percent of your, 33 because that's exactly the goal.

So that's it. That's what's called you didn't say how. How is this coming to me? Cause you know how, you're gonna get more clients. You didn't say, how is it coming.

You know how your income comes. You're asking for more abundance, and you know that that Thrive number means that you have to get that 30 or 34 above that freight number. Good deal. Oh, you can't hear the chainsaw? Well, that's good.

It's a good mic. I've never understood that no more and no less, if I'm asking for something specific, would not mind more? Do I say, okay, So Stacy, here's here's the the story. Remember when I went to that coach because I was gonna go out of my own and I was and 30 and a $4000 off a credit card, no camera, and no savings. So this woman paid for me $1500 as a gift to go to this money coach, and he was a real estate agent.

And he told me, you know, what would it take for me to leave my job and become self employed? I said I'd need a camera in $2000. So the story unfolded, and all of that unfolded, you know the story. You probably a million times. And then I came back a month later, and as fate would have it, I was holding a camera in $2000.

And I knocked on the door, and I said, I did it. I did exactly what I asked for. I did exactly what I told you. And you said, what do you need? And I said $2000 in a camera.

And he said, what do you have right now? And I said, exactly what I asked for, $2000 in a camera net. You know, like I was being more like, I did it. I said I was gonna do it, and I did it. And he looked at me and he said, and no more and no less.

And it just rocked me to the core. He said you didn't ask for more. I said you didn't tell me to. But then I remember my brain thinking, had I asked for $5? I wouldn't have got it because I remember asking for 2.

And it was already a push in my brain. And yet I got exactly what I asked for no more and no less. So it means make what you're asking for bigger. Right? Make what you're asking for bigger because it's a law of exact asking.

It's exact. Who was the poet? Anais Ninn is my favorite poet. We do not see things as they are. We see things as we are.

I love her work and her writing. It's very, very good. My survival includes business expenses, then the Thrive, would be 66. No, Angie. If you are the only income on your survival, Then currently, you're survival is your income, and that would be 33.

So you just want your income to grow so that your Thrive number can grow so it would still be 33. If it includes a thriving for your business, then all if you're doing percentages, then your business is definitely getting more money because you're getting more money, so don't make it 66 keep your 33 going back to the business and let it accumulate in your business. That's when I knew I was wealthy, was when I had personal savings in my business account got to a $100,000 in money after taxes because I was making more, and my business was making more, but I was still making room for that money by setting up the system so that money was still going the right place. It was just accumulating in that business, then I could pull money from there. What was your line for the negatives, people give you?

Well, if it's, basically, mirror mirror first, what resent the most about your, partner is your greatest emotional need, and it doesn't matter what you do or say this is what I want and I will find a way with my rhyme. Let's see. I'm not gonna get my current workload. I've just raised my sales, average. Good girl.

Raise that sales, average. And your work is so connected right now. I can see it and feel it. It's so palpable. Cool.

Okay. Any other questions, or I saw a practical one up there? Other practical questions? Oh, no. That's it.

The words you asked for in the beginning, Could that be what is blocking my business, making me money, or making me fake? The words you asked for in the beginning, or what did I ask for in the beginning? Oh, I said, What is the human trait that you most annoys you? The human trait that most annoys you? That one?

That's what I asked other than that, you can rewatch and ask me questions in the community. You are welcome to ask me questions in the community. I'm gonna drop your homework in this afternoon just like I did last week, and your homework is going to be, a whole lot of revisiting your Thrive list, but it's gonna have a lot of asking questions now. We can start asking want you to wake up every single day and just bring money into your focus. And if you don't get to do it first thing in the morning, Just take 10, 15 minutes aside every day if you can.

I don't care if you're sitting on the toilet. Just say I'm just gonna focus on my money for 5 minutes. I'm going to Money Journal or video myself, or just write down what comes up, I'm coming to a witness of how this is making me feel, Looking at my money, I'm gonna start setting boundaries. I'm going to work on this, money wheel and work out where I'm losing money and start changing and directing my money different in a different way. I'm going to start asking for more and start asking on that list.

And trust me, start showing up, so make room for it. Thank you so much for joining me today. Thank you so much for being here for 2 hours This work starts working fast. I've already seen people seeing and getting money and receiving money from places they didn't even know it was coming. Bring your focus to it.

You know, we disempower a lot of women with money. Because we don't teach women how to be good with money. And it's so wrong culturally. It's so wrong. And I want you to be so powerful with money because it's just a byproduct, so I want you to be powerful in your path, in your direction, in your goals, and in your self care, in your self love.

And then money just keeps showing up. Because you're worth it. See you next week. Talk online.

==== End of Transcript: Money Mindset 02 ====
