==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 01 - I Am Important ====

While they are new, me a little bit. So now I'm like, we're gonna start again. What a strange subject that I would have to teach that I would have to talk about, that I would have to teach you to value yourself. The most bizarre thing about this entire group of lessons that we're going to share today is that you will be astounded by how far removed I was from valuing myself. Now this is gonna show up in my body.

It's gonna show up in my illness, and it's gonna show up in my bank account, it's gonna show up in my career, and it's gonna show up in my relationships. So when I broke it all down into segments what I could teach you and how I could teach you this. I was shocked as to see that the cause and the root of everything that I've ever experienced came down how I valued myself. And so I could not be more excited to teach this class. In 2000, I call it the year I woke up.

I was nearly 30. I was turning 30 that year. I was a £100 heavier than I am now, and I was very sick. I was sick Lee a lot. I hated my job, I hated my life, I had a bad relationship, I wasn't earning any money, And I basically was in a negative state on a constant basis, but I was also surrounded by love, surrounded by friends, and surrounded by family.

So the weird thing is, is when I looked back, it wasn't so bad. I just wasn't happy. And my gallbladder just collapsed one day. I was eating a roast lamb dinner, the last time I ate roast lamb, And the pain in my body was so severe. It put me on the floor, ripping in agony for about 3 or 4 hours.

They took me to the emergency room, and they said, your gallbladder has collapsed. I was like, what's a gallbladder? It's off your liver, and it's a bile duct, and it's an organ in your body, and it has collapsed Now why would an organ in my body collapse? Apparently, one of the, symptoms of gallbladder is fat 40 in female. And I was fat, 30 in female.

It is very common. But my gallbladder wasn't filled with gallstones. It had collapsed around the stones, and I had to go into surgery. So I went into surgery to have an organ removed from my body, which terrified me, and they informed me afterwards that the organ in my body had not just collapsed. It was filled with gangrene.

Gangrene, which is kind of that thing that you hear about in movies back in the war when they would lose limbs and they would rot. And in that moment, I realized that I was rotting from the inside. And we all know that gangrene is just a stage of cancer, and they needed to know why. I needed to know how. Why and how?

So it it led by pure magic to a book. And we will read it Louise Hay, how to heal your life. And Louise talks about metaphysics. She talks about why we carry illness in our body and what it represents. Now here's the best part about this whole experience.

The surgery, the waiting for the surgery, the surgery, and the recovery took 12 weeks. During that 12 week period, I had to survive on a $130 a week, which didn't cover my rent, but that was my insurance. So I had people supporting and paying for me to live over that 12 weeks. So at the end of the 12 weeks, I had no option, but to go back to work. So I got in my car on the 12 week mark to go back to the job I hated so much.

I would cry on the way there. And I know a lot of you are doing this, and my car blew up. The engine on my car blew up. So they spirited me over to the side of the freeway, and I just sat there. And you could not kick somebody when they were down more in that moment.

My whole life was telling me to change, and I didn't know how. So I ended up finding this book, and I opened it up and I looked up gallbladder and gangrene, Now, gallbladder represents bitterness. And I was like, I'm not a bitter person. I'm filled with love. I was filled with so much bitterness.

It's not fear. They've got more than me. I should have this, why have they got more than me, why, I'm, I'm much better at what I do than they are, why are they successful. It's not my fault. It's not my problem.

It's not my fault. It's not my fault. This happened to me. This happened to me. And I started to see this bitterness.

But what shocked me the most was the next one. I read gangrene, and it said, destroying yourself because you do not have the enthusiasm to love yourself. I had stopped, loving myself, and I don't know that I really knew how in the first place. So 15 years later, I'm standing before you. And in the last 15 years, I have had an awakening of epic proportion.

I have returned back to myself on every level. And I wanna tell you how I did it. Now can I change my class can I do that? If you're born poor, if you're born uneducated, if having an education was not an option to you, can you change it? Yes.

But I didn't know how because nobody told me going to university was something rich kids did. I didn't know that I could overcome my blocking money in order to receive it, in order to have a successful business. I left school when I was fifteen. I have no education to speak of. My parents are blue collared workers.

Was I allowed to have a good life? Was I allowed to have a life that I wanted? Not the life that was told to me, the one that I I was laid out before me. Leave school. You're pretty.

You'll probably get married. Still waiting. But here's the thing. Am I exempt from a life of success? Because I'm just the poor kid that never got an education.

That was my first hurdle. The second one was if my parents were homeless or addicts, which they weren't, but I've met many people who are, they have some very rough starts, really rough family starts. Let's say you're just low socioeconomic. Do I have the option or the choice to be more? And the answer is yes, in this world, yes, you do.

Now I'm not. My parents aren't addicts and they're not homeless, and yes, they were low socioeconomic, but you need to understand my parents have a work ethic that most human beings dream about. So even though we were maybe poor, we were disadvantaged only in our own minds. Because my parents worked hard, laughter, dancing, fun, love in my family is abundant. We maybe didn't have a lot, but we had more than those families I saw, but I was still limited by my own thinking, by my own belief on what I could have.

I absolutely loved this quote by Mario Martinez, who wrote the book The Mind Body Code. He said, I propose that abundant is not sustainable without a strong sense of self worth. Why not? Because maintaining health reaching wealth and finding love require the capacity to accept that you are worthy of good fortune. Now this this quote opened a world for me, because to me, health, wealth, and love, are all intertwined and all of them come from a mirror of what you believe you're worth.

I'm not a therapist. Okay, I'm a survivor like you all are. I'm a reinvigor, which is not a word I just made it up. I'm somebody who is reinventing themselves because they didn't have any other option. Okay?

I didn't have any other choice, and I'm a self reflector. I will help myself through this. Until I can achieve what I want to achieve. Now, I'm also a photographer. And I've been a portrait photographer for 26 years, and I always used to say to everybody, I can show this woman in a world of not good enough that she is worthy.

Because to me, I needed to be able to take a photograph to teach people about self value. I can show her in a world of not good enough that she's perfect. I can tell her, I can show her in a world of not given good enough that she's valued, she's enough, and that her light shines, and that my heart is full. But while I was doing that, for all these years, going through my own journey of making people look beautiful and showing them beauty back to themselves, I realized that the one thing I wasn't doing was seeing myself. Now the bottom line to all of that is every human being wants to be seen, heard, and loved.

And when you service your clients, when you photograph your clients, all I had to do was say, I see you, and make them feel special and important. And when I made them feel special and important, they were different people. So that every human being just wants to be seen this I've learned, and I just want to be seen, I want to see who I am. And I realized it was being shown back to me in every single client I saw in the last 15 years. Every woman who stood in front of my camera and told me what she didn't like about herself, I heard her story.

And thousands of women later, I started to evolve my own process.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 01 - I Am Important ====
