==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 08 - Money ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome to self value deep dives. I'm your host, Nicky Closser here with Sue Bryce in the hot seat. Hi, Sue.

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | Okay. This week is money, and you and I have had thousands of conversations about money and how it has impacted our lives. I mean,

Sue Bryce | just years 50, 365 days, 10 years, 1000.

Nikki Closser | And money, you know, when I think about money, to me, I look at money as the experiences it allows me to have. The life money allows me to have and how it is so connected to our self value.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So I bet you never used to look at money like that. You used to look at money as to who had it. What was the social status around it? You know, like, it was always as in the abstract, not in the feeling.

Sue Bryce | Because when you don't have money, you only see it in abstract. Like, that, you only see it from that sort of distance because it's not yours. So you see it more about what it is in terms of social status. Right? So let's make something very clear.

Sue Bryce | Money is energy, and it's a byproduct of energy of value, and it's a value metric to you. That's truth. That is that is fact and that is truth. However, the bit that people don't get is then how come some people are born with money and some people are not? So then it's like, well, that's all call that it's a value metric, but that means if you're born with money, you are more valuable by default.

Sue Bryce | Correct. In our society, that is correct. However, if you're the child of the wealthy family and you are unloved, you're a whole different thing, aren't you? Because you've got money but you're not valuable. What an oxymoron that is?

Sue Bryce | Well, actually oxymoron is probably the wrong What what a dichotomy? What a paradox? That is a paradox. So intrinsic money means we're valuable. He who has the gold makes the rules, money bypasses, cultures, class systems, race, money is that magic power.

Sue Bryce | But it's just a byproduct of value. So if you are born into this value system, of money, but you have no value for the world, you become the loser child of the wealthy parent. Because you have no value, but you have all this money to spend in this trust fund, so you're just you're just a gross display of wealth to somebody with no connection to the money, no value for the money. And then inevitably, we put them in society, the rich kids who have who know value, and we love to exploit the fact that they have everything we want but they don't appreciate it because they have no value. So isn't that crazy?

Sue Bryce | We have this entire system of self value tied to money. Now I was a kid that grew up with incredible, hardworking parents that had lots of love, bad money programming, bad money juju. My mom was good with money. My bad dad was bad with money. They did not own a home until their forties.

Sue Bryce | Thanks to my mom. My parents were never financially wealthy or free, right to the very end, but they were enough to get by, and I wanted more for myself. Now my value to society, I felt like I was a poor kid and I felt like that is a lower class system and that I was not entitled 2 more because the lower class are over here. I'm also half indigenous in my culture, So I also carried a belief that I was also getting the negative programming from my indigenous culture, not from my indigenous culture, toward my indigenous culture. So, you know, when you also carry that and I was told this as a child, when I'm mad with the tar brush.

Sue Bryce | So to my value, I was like indigenous. Okay. I'm mixed. Okay. I'm poor.

Sue Bryce | Okay, you can pretty much treat me poorly because I'm a lower class human being. Now, tell me money is not intrinsically tied to value. Tell me it's not tied directly to self value. Money makes you more of what you already are. So that tells me that as you grow in money, the first thing you have to do is acknowledge the old programming you were brought up with the class system you were born into because you were born into a class system.

Sue Bryce | And you hold that class system, inside you as a value metric as how you value yourself to ask for more. And Also, just to look at the metric that your parents had, you inherited their money problems, you inherited their money energy, you can shift yours, You don't need to shift theirs. You can just shift yours as old bad programming. And remember, the reframe here is just because my parents were bad with money or never broke their poverty cycle, meant that I, just because my parents didn't do that, meant that I had to go and learn that myself and go and do that for myself. So Nicky, I have so much to say about money.

Sue Bryce | I can't stop. So you're just gonna have

Nikki Closser | to jump into. You know that My programming, I wasn't meant to be the successful, wealthy one. That was my smart brother. It was just not what I was meant meant to be. At least that's what

Sue Bryce | I

Nikki Closser | was told and and believed. So then I met you and you're like, hold on. We need to, like, basically reprogram and coming through that whole learning and just progression of letting go of the filter of my past rewriting my story of who I am and what I deserve has been the most powerful thing of my life.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So what your dad wanted for you, yes, your brother might have been the smart one that was getting prepared to do all that thing because your dad could see in him that he already had all the boxes ticked for where he was going. For you, he wanted to teach you about self value and money. And so he was harder on you because he sees he could see that you needed those lessons. The weird thing is is, unfortunately, your father died before he got to see you become very successful.

Sue Bryce | So one of the things I think about Nikki is if you think about everything you actually achieved and became, it was everything he wanted you to become. It was everything he was teaching you to become. So the weird part was is as a young woman, you thought he was saying you're not good enough now. You need to be these things. Whereas all he was doing was guiding you to be independent with money and guiding you to own a home and guiding you to be financial really stable.

Sue Bryce | So how crazy that you saw that as criticism? Because now that you've done everything that he grounded in you, he would be looking at you going, look what you became, Daughter, because you weren't those things. So when my dad would say to me that money's burning a hole in your pocket, he was talking about himself. But I would hear that and think it is spending a hole in my pocket because I did wanna spend it, but he's already told me spending it's bad. Because he's giving me his shame in that moment.

Sue Bryce | You know, your dad gave you great lessons. When you think about those great lessons, you saw them as criticisms But the truth is is he didn't need to teach those things to your brother. Your brother was already in those areas there.

Nikki Closser | Exactly.

Sue Bryce | Your brother didn't have a whole lot of other areas. That you had, that I bet you when it came to self confidence and self value, your brother didn't have what you had. And I bet you he looked at you and thought I wish I had those traits. So We've

Nikki Closser | talked about that as adults. My brother and I.

Sue Bryce | And they beat you. Your dad probably tried give him a sense of self worth and like Nikki. So that's how you see their criticism and you see their lessons as criticism, but you also see their shame. So it's very important that you understand that if he had struggled with money and controlling it off, he was tight fisted or anything like that, even the lesson itself is gonna come from a place of his energy. It's very hard to teach children a place of energy that's not yours.

Sue Bryce | You can only really be in the you're in?

Nikki Closser | It is. And then I had the complete opposite with my mom who was not good with money. She didn't know the value of money, but that went back to her her self value. It's it's it was just such a strange difference between the 2 and and how it all

Sue Bryce | How you get the programming of one of those parents? And if you watched through a filter of my past, then often that's wounded child or craved parent. So often you can pick the parents behavior that you want the most attention from the parent that you least want the energy of in terms of I don't want their debt or I don't want them, but you do because you want their love. So you might even go after a crave parents problem or a crave parents habit in order to connect with them and be more like them. Money is just crazy.

Sue Bryce | Look, it's like once you work out that it a in direct proportion to the direction you give it, the value you give it, and what you allow for yourself. Oh, you can get through these stages really, really, really fast. But

Nikki Closser | Well, you have a really solid philosophy on just teaching people about money. And, you know, you said stages, but can you walk us through the stages?

Sue Bryce | Sure. Because I feel like people don't talk about money. And when they do talk about money, done in a way that it's like for the love of money or the root of all evil and and I love talking about money. I love talking about money. I don't need to say I love money because it freaks people out, but I do.

Sue Bryce | I love the opportunities that brings me. So if somebody said that to you, you say, what do you love about it? I love the opportunity. It brings me the freedom it brings me, and I love to teach other people how to smash it out of their poverty cycles and never go back to them ever again. It's not a matter of what happens if I lose this.

Sue Bryce | Once you go through these stages, you don't ever, like, drop back down to 1. You've learned to get out of the next stage, the next stage, I see, 5 very strong stages with money. You start out in survival. And survival is living month to month with no savings. And that most teenagers and young people at a college are in survival.

Sue Bryce | They don't have savings. They're relying on mom and dad, or they don't have a mom and dad with money. Or money is being manipulated or controlled.

Nikki Closser | So I I wasn't survival through to my mid thirties, really, month to month.

Sue Bryce | I was in survival through till I was 38. Even when I had a successful business, I stayed in survival mode.

Nikki Closser | I was probably 36, 37, and 45 now.

Sue Bryce | Yep. 35. A month to month with very little savings, no savings, living in debt, but that survival, there's so much money pain. It's it's horrendous pain. Like, it's that's that's shame 101.

Sue Bryce | The next step up is manage. You get from survive to manage. And when you're managing and money management, you've really just started to take control of your debt. You're in control of your debt, you're paying it down, and you're starting to understand that you have gotten yourself backed into a corner and limited yourself to money and all of your programming and all of your belief systems are coming up in this moment, but management is that place where you're actually starting to feel a little bit more, you're in control now. You're in control a bit, and you can see it, and you're you're looking at it every day.

Nikki Closser | Do you think that's when people stop avoiding when they get into that management?

Sue Bryce | That you in order to get through these stages, you have to stop avoiding. So the hardest part is looking at it every day, and we that's the first step. So avoidance, yes, avoidance will knock you off all the time. Avoidance and emotion, it avoids, well, emotion's gonna knock you off. You either choose to look at the shame or avoid it.

Sue Bryce | Every day you avoid it is another day, you don't take control of it. So it's okay. Avoidance is what it is. Makes us feel good. Next step up is stabilize.

Sue Bryce | And when you're at stability, you are paying your debt at feels good. You've started your emergency fund saving, and you're putting boundaries around money with all the leaks, how you used to lose it. Is stopping all those leaks, and you're stabilizing the flow of money. And that is in itself, where most people will live Mhmm. And settle for the rest of their lives.

Sue Bryce | Some people will get to accumulate because from from stabilization, you learn to start to ask for more so you can grow past your survival budget into a thrival budget And that Thrive budget just keeps growing with more life value. So inevitably that accumulation is savings and direction for your money. You've got money in the bank. You're accumulating. Okay.

Sue Bryce | And this has nothing to do with how much flow you can learn to ask for. This is simply the stages of money you get used to that you live in. The flow is how much coming toward you and everybody has flow coming towards them. It's just how much you connect to the alignment of that flow and that value as to how much you get So the crazy part is is accumulation is you're now saving most of our parents in this world, like I would say, you know, not the 1%. Right?

Sue Bryce | 80% of, you know, the sort of retired population have got to accumulation type fisted Sitting on their little nest egg, they saved for an entire lifetime, never moved out of being the millionaire next door. Still in the same home that they probably owned 34 years ago, sitting on this little nest egg of money, never growing it, never living to Thrivel, never taking that world trip or anything like that, but just being in that sort of stable place Well, accumulators who accumulate with value will just start keep growing money. And once you accumulate, money begets money. Money makes more money. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So once you've learned to accumulate, your your goal in every one of these stages is to fill it that value to get to the next stage. Whatever the value is in that stage is to fill it with that value. Well, when it's accumulation, the value is direction. Where is it gonna go? Do you wanna buy a house?

Sue Bryce | Do you want? And then once you have clarity and direction, uncertainty, conviction, commitment, consistency, concurrency, that's alignment. And if you have that whilst you're got a money flow that's in value whilst you've learned to accumulate because you've gotten control of your money, then inevitably, That accumulation is gonna grow, grow, grow, and then step 5 is invest. Now once you get to investment, money makes money. It's there's a lot less working you have to do because money's just gonna keep making more money.

Sue Bryce | So Right now, you look at all of those stages and ask yourself what stage am I in? Now any area in your life that we look at love money, body, work, you know, any area you have to ask, am I empowered or disempowered in this area. And if you're disempowered in this area, someone or something is overpowering you. And It's okay to be disempowered around money or maybe you're married and your partner has all the money control. So it feels like you're stabilized.

Sue Bryce | You feel stable and secure. There's money. It's not yours. You have no control over it. You don't know where it comes from, where it goes, where it's going, or necessarily what I would do if that spouse took it away.

Sue Bryce | You know, so look at the energy here. Look at where you're at personally with money. Even if somebody else is in control, you might be in survival. They might be in investment, and you might be in survival because your money energy is different, even though you live in home that is supported. So this is a really big thing to look at, but those money stages Once I got out of survival and I was managing my debt and got my debt paid, once I got to 0, I was free of money pain, but I still had fear, like fear of what?

Sue Bryce | If more doesn't come, how will I live next month? Then that started to come, and I stabilized my income. Once I stabilize my income, I was saving for the first time in my life, and that was not until 30 5 36 when I first got proper savings, then I watched the $10,000 and then $20,000 in my business account. Then I took it to $50,000. And I I would I walked around like I was holding a secret.

Sue Bryce | That's how big that money number was to me in that bank account. I was like, I didn't even know I've got 50 the bank. I've got 59. Then you find out that, like, all the world has so much money, and I thought that was for my business was next level. So you do have to get used to being at every money level.

Sue Bryce | You've been through all five stages. Oh, yeah. I've seen you do it. Mhmm. Which ones to you, like, when you think of survival and then management and you were like, no, I've got this and then you stabilized an income, maybe because your story was also intrinsically tied with starting your business.

Sue Bryce | So when you were stabilizing an income, you're actually making an income Mhmm. Yourself.

Nikki Closser | Oh, yeah. Yeah. I remember having this sort of scarcity mindset that you teach about where Where is it gonna come from? How is it gonna happen? And that would paralyze me.

Nikki Closser | And I would see my sales going down, down, down. Yeah. I still go through it occasion, but the good thing is is I know how to get out of it now.

Sue Bryce | Same view. Different altitude. Mhmm. Because what we how we do everything is how we do it. Everything.

Sue Bryce | Right? So you know as you grow, you're going to go back to a scarcity. How it's your it's almost your knee jerk reaction And even at your level now, you'll go, how? And I'll go, really? And you'll go.

Nikki Closser | Is it, like, last week? And you were

Sue Bryce | I went, really? And you went, because you still say it. You still feel it. You still think it, you still respond to it, but you don't get stuck in the loop of it anymore. It's so difficult.

Sue Bryce | Because even when you said it out loud, Well, actually, your first loop was to return to the old Webb thinking, and it's okay to do that because the old Webb thinking is my security blanket is if this happens, I could go back to this. It's like I feel safe knowing that. Yeah. But if you got stuck in that thought, or that thought made you feel bad, or that thought was like, you're never gonna step forward. You're gonna stay here forever.

Sue Bryce | You'd just be like, oh, and then your and your thoughts and emotions again. So, I think it's incredible that you acknowledge constantly that the old voice comes up on that mountain. Mhmm. Because if you don't, then people out there forget that I still, every day, can fall back into the limiting beliefs and patterns that are used to live in. And I have to constantly be aware of that so I don't do that.

Sue Bryce | Like, we're not you don't become this infallible human being. Also, you're not always happy. Once you're free of money pain and you're free of drama pain, and you've got this flowing life. It's more like a sense of just peace. In their life.

Sue Bryce | It's not like a fake happiness, or I'm so happy, or should I feel joy right now? You know, it's kind of awesome to be there.

Nikki Closser | Something that that you talk about is that was really important for me to work through this too. And this might sound like a small thing, but you you've talked about it giving money direct Will you talk a little bit of, you know, what does that look like? What does that mean to give money direction? Because

Sue Bryce | Well, people always say, how do you ask for money? And I say, well, I want something. So I know that money's gonna show up for wanting this thing. How's the money gonna show up? Well, I don't know.

Sue Bryce | I just say I want this thing and it starts to show up. So that's too nebulous. How do you ask for money? Well, Okay. I think about what I want.

Sue Bryce | No. No. You know what? How do I ask for money? I give it direction.

Sue Bryce | Because intention and words are really powerful. So if I said I want to save money, And every day, my focus was to save money. So my brother, this is his focus. He gets joy from adding to that savings number. Just doesn't spin my wheels.

Sue Bryce | Okay. I'm standing there going.

Nikki Closser | Same.

Sue Bryce | I know this is a really cool game to play, and I know it works because it works for my brother, but It does not spin my wheels. Mhmm. Waking up every day and going, I gotta squirrel more into this number to make this number big is like, I I look, I I don't get that. That's not who I am. So how do I ask for money?

Sue Bryce | I think of something I want, and it might be a house or a car or a trip. I think about how much money it's gonna cost to have that experience. Right? Like, to me, I'm thinking about what I want to have. And then I make the direction that trip.

Sue Bryce | Or that car or that house. It's not the money I the number I saved that spends his wheels. It's getting that thing. I think about that house every single day, how it's gonna look, how I'm gonna live, where it's gonna be. I get excited about it.

Sue Bryce | I hold it in my mind. Yeah. And then any money that comes towards me, I go, that's going to my house. That's going to my house. That's going to my house.

Sue Bryce | Then I put my house was the name of my bank account. And every time I would put money in there, I'd go, this is for my house. And I'd fit in there, and I'd think of the house that I wanted to buy, that I now live in that I have gratitude for every single day. So that to me was how I give direction and how I ask for money I simply think of an experience I want, and then I feel the idea of that experience with so much joy that I want it. I go after it every single day.

Sue Bryce | Because that means I'm in alignment for it. I want it up here. My emotions are excited and clear. My heart is connected and that is magnetic joy. My focus is showing up every day to think about this incredible house that I'm gonna get and what I'm working towards.

Sue Bryce | And when people would say wanna go to the Bahamas, I could afford to go to the Bahamas this year, but it would take away the $10,000 I've saved for my house. And I would go, no, I'm focused on buying a house, and I wasn't missing out on going to the Bahamas. I had the option to go. Everyone went and had a good time I focused on my house because that's what I really wanted. That's why what we want our heart's desire and our magnetic energy is the most powerful force on earth and we block it by getting stuck in our thoughts and our feelings.

Sue Bryce | So you get money direction When you tell the universe you want something and you focus the money to go there, it doesn't grow otherwise, because it doesn't go anywhere. It goes where you tell it. It grows where you tell it? Really does. You can ask for money to come to you.

Sue Bryce | Money comes to me. Money flows to me. Truck loads of money flow to me.

Nikki Closser | I remember you telling me to imagine myself in the home that I wanted. And just feel myself in there. And I used to do that in the mornings, you know, when I was working out or whatever, just feel myself.

Sue Bryce | Not what does it look like. Stop trying to visualize what it looks like. What does it feel like? Mhmm. What does it feel like to be in this home?

Sue Bryce | So I've I decided that, you know, that I should start visualizing my next home because I was like, well, wouldn't I now that I've actually done this and built the home that I want? Now I'm gonna start to really get a visual of even more the feeling of how I wanna live. And so I've been just doing it as a thought exercise in the morning, just expanding where do I wanna live, where would I want my next house to be? Does it buy the beach? A tranquility came up.

Sue Bryce | So I want trees. So instantly trees make me feel like this tranquility, like I'm at peace. And then I started to feel this piece. And I was like, I wanna feel a property that has, oh, and I started to see colors that I think this property will have. And I started to get feeling my family will come here.

Sue Bryce | I can feel my family and New Zealand will come here every year for 2 weeks. And and just my whole family will be in this space, and it will be an every time I feel that I am so filled with energy and love and alignment, how could I get stuck in what I don't have right now. You can hear it in my voice. You can hear the power in my voice. You can hear the connection.

Sue Bryce | You can feel the energy, and that's why when you do this work and you start creating for yourself and you start falling in love with your life and your future, every single person around you can see it and feel it. Because it's freaking magic. This is the magic of life that we get to create ourselves, and we get create our future and we get to decide how much money comes to us. And the only person that would stop money from coming to them is you. And it's guilt and shame and it's stupid old programming, dumb emotions around self value that don't even belong in your brain, let alone your mouth, and your heart wants something else.

Sue Bryce | And, you know, the more you live, away from your soul path, the more you live away from what your heart wants, the more you wilt and die. Because inside, your soul is calling you to grow and be more and have more and experience this life and this incarnation and this whole life experience as the fullest most incredible version of yourself. So no more holding yourself back. Open up abundantly to money if money is being used as avoidance. So if you're overspending to get a feeling, if you leak money to get a feeling of love, if you control with money, if you use money in any way other than to make your life richer and more joyful with more options than you have bad money due to, and you need to get on top of that right now.

Sue Bryce | It is a value metric to what you believe about yourself and what you believe your worth. And when you change what you believe about yourself and what you believe your worth, your life gets richer. And if this conversation triggers you in any way, listen to the old programming, listen to the old programming. I want you to be rich in every sense of the word, but what does that mean to you? Being rich to you might be having a $1,000,000, being rich to someone else might be never having a $1,000,000, but having a place where their family can spend the rest of their lives together.

Sue Bryce | Everybody has a different value point.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But money as flow is freedom is magic. It truly just keeps coming in direction and direct proportion to to the energy we give it, to the direction and value we give it. And I tell people all the time, you don't value money. Everybody pushes back on that. Don't they, Nikki?

Sue Bryce | Everybody said, I value money and I go, then why don't you have it? Now I value money in order to spend on experiences that I want. But it still shows up for me for those experiences that I want. So it doesn't have to accumulate to be valuable It just has to go in the right direction for you because when it's truly the direction you want for the money, it shows up for you.

Nikki Closser | Sue, what are the steps that you've gone through that I've gone through? The people who have done the work through your workshop, they've gone through those steps to get to these stages. What are the steps people have to take.

Sue Bryce | Same as everything we work through, awareness first, awareness of you doing this. You are the poison. You are the antidote. It's your thoughts. It's your money pain.

Sue Bryce | It's your actions. Oh, oh, I just saw somebody put up their hand and say, but wait. My partner got us in debt, and that wasn't me that got us in debt. And, like, no but it's your resentment now, and it's your money pain now. So whatever you are experiencing is yours whatever feeling you experience is your feeling regardless if someone is disempowering you, overpowering you, It doesn't matter.

Sue Bryce | You have to come to a awareness of where you're at, and you have to then come to acceptance about it. Like, why am I in this situation? So when somebody else got you in debt, you can blame them and resent them, but you must take responsibility for how you got into that dysfunctional place. It's okay. Forgive yourself, but if you don't accept your part in it, you won't accept that that energy exists.

Sue Bryce | After you get to acceptance, we take control of the money pain that is overpowering us by looking at our money every day and taking the shame away. That's when you take control of your money because you feel out of control. Shame makes you feel out of control around money. It makes you feel bad around money. You are not bad around money.

Sue Bryce | You just need to take control of it. You're just not valuing it and you're not valuing yourself. So level 3 is take control of that debt and then level for is focus and emotion because we know in alignment with anything, we think it, we feel it, we connect to our heart, but we gotta show up every day. And when you are afraid of your money, when you go back to the emotion around it, which is the shame and the guilt, then you'll go straight into a loop. And once you get stuck in the loop, you're out of alignment around money again.

Sue Bryce | So it's about that sliding door. Today, I can get stuck in the loop of money and feel shame, or I can break the loop open a different door, walk through that door, get back into alignment with the stages of growth around money, and I am taking control and taking the shame away. That's level 4. Once you wake up every day, You're gonna wake up. That's your crossroad.

Sue Bryce | My crossroad is I've come to a awareness I have come to acceptance. I'm taking control, but every day, I'm still getting stuck in a loop because I am still going back to the old emotions around it, which is shame. So you need to do more work around shame in your life Now this is an interesting little, segue. I've worked with two people that had debt chain. And when I got into that feeling that they keep going back to their focus and emotion, they were both gay coming out but hid it from their families because of the shame So shame was showing up in their bank account, but it actually came from somewhere else.

Sue Bryce | It came from a shame that they couldn't be who they were to their families and the shame that they were carrying and hiding their secret. When they came out, their debt went away. We did work on the shame. It was the shame. Not the situation.

Sue Bryce | The shame that they carried around the secret thing was mirrored mirrored in their money. Also, Kiwi say mirror. You know, it's in a mirror of ourselves, and Americans say mirror. And I when I first came here. I thought people were saying, like, it's a mirror, like, a nightmare.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, a mirror. And then I was like, oh, mirror. So I always say, Mara, sorry about that. So, you know, focus and emotion means I come back to emotion, which means I can't possibly get to the next stage, which would be, you know, stabilizing, accumulating, but really focusing on my flow now. Like, how am I gonna get more money How do I ask for more?

Sue Bryce | What should I out? How should I do this? How do I grow out of this, you know, next level of my career business sort of self? How do I grow out of this relationship? Or maybe you're trapped in a relationship that's over controlling with money and you really are just completely uncertain around money.

Sue Bryce | All you have to do is check-in with how you're disempowered around money. Okay. It's not who disempowers you how you are disempowered around money. Not how they control you with money, which is what you will focus on. But here's the thing about controlling people.

Sue Bryce | They have to be with people with no needs or they can't control them. They have to be with people pleases or they can't control them. And they have to be with people that don't know what they want, or they can't tell them what they want. So before you say you're controlled by someone else, please take a moment to acknowledge you didn't know who you were. And so it was easy for somebody else to tell you what to be.

Sue Bryce | And that way you can get to forgiveness for yourself considerably faster. Right? Your sliding door is to it. Again, every area of your life, love, body, money, career is to wake up. And get to emotional mastery.

Sue Bryce | Because any emotions that are kicking you out of alignment need to be processed. Don't let money kick you out of alignment. It's a direct reflection to what you believe your worth. It's not kicking you out of alignment. The emotion around it is.

Sue Bryce | I mean, I have a personal journey with money, Nikki. My personal journey with money is a story, and it's a story. These you will all hear, guys, you will hear it over and over again. Like I said, I talk about money because I changed my money life. And I teach it.

Sue Bryce | Even in writing this workshop, I got a money book, came, and I've people have always said to me, write a money book. But in order to write a money book, I feel that you have to have a thing. You know, like the millionaire next door, or I didn't have a thing to me, but when I wrote this out, this workshop, I was like, I can see my money thing. So now I'm very excited to start writing content around a little money book. I wanna talk about this in the sense that it's a value metric.

Sue Bryce | So I think when people do money classes or things like that, they're always kind of a little bit triggering in the sense that they trigger the way people ask for an abundance, whereas mine, I want people to understand that walking through those stages of money are intrinsically tied to your self value. Mhmm. In fact, so tied to yourself value that when you walk through these steps in self value, it will heal all of your money pain. Because if you look at the stages there, going from survival, month to month, to even be able to manage your own income? Do you know how much how many of our world lives there?

Sue Bryce | Majority in money pain. Wondering how to make next month work. I lived like that. My childhood right through my adult life, and I don't want that for anybody.

Nikki Closser | So there was something you said It was a quote you said. I've never seen shame attached to people the way it does to debt or being poor or broke. Like, why is that so shameful and emotional.

Sue Bryce | Why? Nobody knows how much money you have in the bank. What does a billionaire look like? If a billionaire and someone in massive debt were sitting next to each other, how would you know? So why is one filled with secret shame?

Sue Bryce | And one isn't? And how do you know how much money I have? How do you know how much debt I'm in? So if I'm dripping and diamonds, and I'm wearing all of my money. Well, I know as a business owner that had an average sale of 3 and a half $1000 the ones that wore their money never had it to spend as cash because they were wearing it.

Sue Bryce | And then the ones that didn't wear it, you'd think weren't gonna spend the money, and they had the cash to spend, and everybody has a different value point to how much money do you have. So why is it so shameful? Why are you ashamed because it's attached to an idea of a class system? Because it's attached to to self worth no differently than our bodies. Because it's attached in our society to having more value.

Sue Bryce | A man with more value can get a prettier wife. Oh my gosh. We have so many weird rules in our society about money. About how money can make you more important, more valuable, it can make you more things, but it can never make you more loved. And if it does, it's not real tough anyway.

Sue Bryce | So it is the weirdest thing the way we treat money. So weird. We fake it. We lie about it. We steal it.

Sue Bryce | It makes us envious angry, jealous, bitter, twisted. We fight over it. You know, it's it's just bizarre to me, and yet it is just a value metric. So when you take it right down to who you are and what you're worth, why is it shameful? Why do you think it's shameful?

Sue Bryce | Because you believe if you had it, you'd have more value in the that you don't means you should be ashamed of yourself. The poor people should be ashamed of themselves because they live in shame. Therefore, you have shame all around you as a poor person, And it feels like you can't wash it off you, and that's why we talked about in the filter of our past being dirty little children. Because it's an adult looks at a child and shames them and makes them feel less, and a child feels that That means we identify that class system right from that tiny little edge. We identify it.

Sue Bryce | We see racism. We see misogyny. We see we see people who don't love us as little children. And it's in our programming. It's Yeah.

Sue Bryce | It's in everything, and money systemically is no different. It carries a shame because we believe it's tied to our self worth and it's not. In fact, when you ask for more, you just receive more. And when you ask for more and then you fill that space with alignment. So it's got purpose, direction, connection, and a focus that makes you wanna show up every day that's joyful, then it's inevitable that whatever I'm focused on becomes bigger and more powerful.

Sue Bryce | So once you get to that alignment with money, it just flows in and flows out, and it's still is a direct mirror to what you believe you are worth, what you ask for, what you step up to receive. Mhmm. Just a direct value metric. So when people first learn to break through survival to management and even get to stabilize, they start to understand that this flow of income can now be you can ask for more. You can actually ask for more.

Sue Bryce | In order to ask for more, you have to give it more direction. So you have to tell universe, you want more. I wanna grow here. I wanna go I wanna experience this. I wanna buy this.

Sue Bryce | I wanna have this, and then you actively align to get those things. More money shows up. Then you're in accumulation. Once you get to accumulation, there's more value, more savings, more direction. You've seen evidence that you can make your flow bigger.

Sue Bryce | You start to make your flow intentionally bigger. You're investing now because that's going to make your flow bigger. Now you've turned on all these types of wealth. You've got an investment over here. You've got savings over here.

Sue Bryce | Your business is flowing and you wanna open more flow because it's incremental, and we go up in stages, and there's always a glass ceiling to growth. And then before you know it, you're at investment and flow. And then you realize in that moment, you don't remember what it feels like to wake up in money pain every day. You think you do, Nikki, but you don't remember. And neither do I.

Sue Bryce | I don't wanna remember. All those Freaking years, I suffered, and I tell people I suffered. And I know that if you're sitting there in debt looking at me right now, where I was, when I was 30, just in-depth in pain, hating my life, hating myself. You would just think, well, that's not possible. And it really, truly magically is I don't even know if people will under stand or even feel for the 10 years that we've been friends and the 10 years that we've worked through that that I've watched do you do that and grow through that?

Sue Bryce | And that they would understand The, like, in order to fully grasp who we are, you have to really understand what we came from and know that that it was just so it was it's there for you. It's not a gift that people are just born with. It's there for you. The work is there for everyone, and it's exciting and incredible. And I want people to get unstuck.

Sue Bryce | Because when people get unstuck and they start to unfold this work, it's just there is no greater energy on earth, then watching people come to their own awareness, and then to their own value Like, if every child needs this gift, Every adult needs this gift. And then every single person that comes to self value must give this gift on. You know, we live too much without what we want, how we wanna live, and just fighting ourselves, living inside our own brains, and our own lives, just not being whole, full, incredible humans. And how weird that this conversation comes from money because this is what I believe money is. It's a conduit to more freedom and more options to free, more people.

Sue Bryce | It's just it's just flow. It it doesn't have the stigma, the status, the importance that you think it does. Nobody knows what you have. So to be rich would have to come from here. Because to be rich in a bank account, I couldn't give anybody that from here.

Sue Bryce | I could give them dinner and gifts, but I couldn't give them here. So, self value to money flow or I'll talk about this more. I'll write a book about it. I promise I will Help me help. More good about money.

Sue Bryce | This is where the metric I feel so strongly about. So

Nikki Closser | Our next one is body, and we all have one. So this is

Sue Bryce | Oh, boy. Do we have a body? You know what? Isn't it weird? I I really got money first before body came in?

Sue Bryce | And I would have thought body came up before money, but then I laugh because money is 8 and the number of money is 8. 9 is spiritual self. And if the body is not the most representation of the vessel of the spiritual self and the ultimate value metric to who we are and our identity, then I don't know what is. There is so much to unpack around body. And I realized also in teaching body that watching people fall in love with their bodies, was as equivalent as watching people fall in love with money and the ability to value it and make it for yourself and have it for yourself.

Sue Bryce | So They're all brilliant. I love every one of these segments and what they bring. In in more questions, I know we're gonna get more questions about money. It's okay. Nikki and I can talk about money until the cows come home.

Sue Bryce | So you just keep giving us money challenges, and we'll keep coming back at you. I just wanna finish with one question. How does it feel to be a financially independent woman?

Nikki Closser | It's it's amazing. The the Okay. I'm gonna stick to the feeling. It feels empowering. It feels joyful.

Nikki Closser | It I feel relieved. I mean, the the experiences that I get to give to my children and that they don't have to feel my money anxiety, that they don't have to feel the stress that as a mom and dad, you can pass on to your kids about how you're gonna pay the bills to me is just it's priceless.

Sue Bryce | So I I didn't finish high school, and I started an education company. I sold an education company in 2021, and then I built an education platform around self value because I'm a teacher. It's it's who who I am it to my core. And the irony is is after watching you do all of this in the last 11 years, you built an investment company.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. I did.

Sue Bryce | And, you know, it's incredible to me to watch that to watch you go through each of those stages, but now to get to an investment place, even small, when you start small, you're investing. You're it's the energy of investing. It's not how much you invest. You know, someone could start investing 60 and dollars. It's the energy that they've saved this money to invest and it's long term and what it means and what it represents is an hire different money energy.

Sue Bryce | And you know you've got really ultimate flow because you've got to accumulation. You're giving direction. It was ironic to me that, like, that you built this little investment company because you started to get joy from it. You're investing, right, because you were like, now I'm doing this. I've learned the next level, and then all of a sudden you were like, well, I could create a company where other people can invest with us.

Sue Bryce | And it's a real estate investment for those that wanna know, but, but now you're now giving that gift on. Now when you fill your heart, with something you love and you get flow because you're in alignment, that's what I was talking about. How could you not fill everyone else's cup now that you have that cup full. So it's not about going, well, I could start a business. It's about, well, I could buy 10 more houses if I got people to invest who are just learning to invest, I could teach them about investment, give them a return, free them, because when you come from a place of like, alignment, it's not about you know more than other people or you have this information.

Sue Bryce | You physically know and spiritually know you can give this gift now to other people, this freedom, this growth, That's why whenever I mastered anything in love, it was not about being competitive. I never beat my chest and when I'm at the top the top of my field. No. That's not how you feel. That's the thing.

Nikki Closser | You just teach everyone else how to do it. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I'm at the top of my field because I'm in the most amount of alignment because I'm in the most amount of money flow because I'm in the most amount of joy And if I'm in the most amount of money flow alignment, joy, and abundance, how can I not stand up on stage until everybody Look what I built? I am in abundance and flow, and I am in my joy, and I am in my full power. And then everybody goes, I want what she's having. So how ironic that you go through those stages and then you become those stages my investment is different. I invest in your real estate company.

Sue Bryce | It's it's not my warehouse. It's not how I invest. I've chosen to invest my money, how, you know, investments that make me feel, you know, safe and secure. My investment energy is creating more education because I invest in my business and I invest in my content. I invest in myself as a content creator and teacher.

Sue Bryce | And then I really invest in my students growing through this work. Like, I I have the energy of growth and investment and it brings me income. So it can be in parallel to your income or it can be where you're at in your income. It doesn't matter. It's just energy.

Sue Bryce | And the fact that you did that and I do it this way, but we're still abundant or making flow or, you know, it's not stay in your lane, it's stay in your flow, and then grow your flow with value. The fact that you stay in your flow means that you're going to constantly keep being in alignment because you're staying in what you are good at and what you flow and where you are the most litter. So it's not staying your lane. You did not have something that best. That to me is it.

Sue Bryce | And I invest in me. I invest in my business. I invest in content. I invest in my people because that gets me more flow. So everybody, every stage, There is growth there, there is flow there, and I wanna take everybody all the way up to investment, whatever that looks like for you.

Nikki Closser | You do. I see the joy that you get out of people's making these shifts in growth. It's incredible. So thank you.

Sue Bryce | Thank you.

Nikki Closser | Next time for body. We'll see you then.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 08 - Money ====
