==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 08 - Disempowerment ====

I say nothing would disempower me. Anything, lots of things disempower me. Lots of moments will disempower me. You attacking me will disempower me. You saying something nasty about me will disempower me.

But the thing is is how long will I manage the disempowerment? Well, now that we've accepted, we're getting pain, we're gonna talk about how to manage it and overcome a lot of it, which is not real pain. It's just projected anxiety, but how am I going to overcome this pain? I'm still gonna feel pain the same way you feel pain, I'm just going to manage it sooner because I'm getting a lot of it and I've experienced a lot of it. It still teaches me huge lessons.

But I want you to do this. I want you to go to the most painful. I didn't even want to look at that. That's how much pain is my body right now. I'm telling you right now that is the most pain I've been in in my life.

More than that picture, Andrew. And I want you to think back to a moment where you experienced the greatest pain of your life. And then I want you to understand that nothing you say to me nothing you accused me of, nothing you criticize me of, nothing you troll, nothing you hatefully say to me will hurt me more than what I said to her. Nothing that anybody says to me, no, you can't do it, no, we're not going to accept that money, no, we gonna give you the the percentage that you deserve, you think you're worth it, you're not, who do you think you are? Nothing.

You could say to me, would hurt me more than that. I have lived great pain. You can't give me more. I'm just gonna manage it. You can't If you've ever sat in grief and knowing what pain is, if you have ever been down low, if you have lost or if you've been unable to stand up, you feel the same amount of pain.

Nobody's pain is greater than anybody else's pain is pain. It doesn't matter how you get down in the hole, you're in the hole. That's just the way it is. Everybody's been there to some degree, whether it's depression, illness, grief. Rejection loss.

It doesn't matter how you choose to go into the darkness. You're in there. You're in the darkness. What I've been there. I'm not going back.

So your pain will not be greater than that. And if it is, I will survive because I survived this pain and I got to hear and I now believe in myself. So when you start walking towards what you want and you feel that pain and you start to overcome that pain, you look back at that path and say, look at you go. Look what you've done. Look how incredible you are You believed you took a chance.

You started walking towards it. You were brave. You had courage, and you knew it was gonna hurt. But you went in anyway because you wanted the result more than you wanted the pain. And now I have freed you up for an afternoon of green building because you will no longer feel afraid of what you cannot do anymore.

I drew this picture lying in bed. I'm not even going to look at that either because I know that that one's going to hurt me too. I didn't know how to speak my feelings because I didn't ever validate them. I didn't know how to be important enough, to tell somebody what my pain was because I actually didn't know what my pain was. You see, I just used to spend all my time worried about being fat.

Because it distracted me from what I really wasn't changing or doing. That was my distraction. I spent the whole time trying to die falling off the diet, being a yoyo dieter, getting fat, losing, getting fat, losing weight, getting fat, losing weight, being good enough, not good enough, good enough, not good enough, that I wasn't even conscious of what my life pain was. I was unfulfilled, and I was living a life that was not congruent with my dreams. It was not about being the person I wanted to be.

I was fat, sick, and nearly dead at 30. And now I am fitter, healthier, and more in love with life at 44 at 44 than I've ever been. And I just started to walk in the pain. So everything else from here on in is just making choices.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 08 - Disempowerment ====
