==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 6 ====

[00:00:00] Content curator video 6, do you currently have a sales system set up on your website? Do you currently have an e commerce system? Maybe you're in business and you're offering a physical service or a digital service or a physical product, and you already have this e commerce system set up in your business. Now we're gonna set up this e commerce system to sell products while you sleep. And that's gonna be considerably easier step for you because you already have the system set up.

[00:00:30] If you are starting your sales system, right from fresh, the time has come to pull the trigger on your sales system. So Sales is under the umbrella of marketing. So is advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, networking, Now those all used to be done by individual agencies and now solopreneurs or startup businesses we basically bootstrap all of those areas ourselves, and we do it all in a nutshell on social media. But the sales system is probably one of the most important parts, and let me explain some really big clear, powerful steps, and why it's the most important. So setting up a sales system in your business starts with clarity In fact, you might have heard me say you can't market it until you can sell it and you can't sell it until you can describe it So that tells me you can't describe it or sell it.

[00:01:34] Until you take it to market, you can't actually sell it until you can describe it and describe it clearly and simply. And when you can describe it simply and clearly, then you can usually feel it because it has connection to it. And that's clarity, you see. People notice that you're actually doing it and you're not talking about it anymore, you're actually doing it. So a sales system is really a system of momentum So when you can demonstrate what it is that you do or make and you can demonstrate its value, then that is the perfect marketing and selling.

[00:02:12] When you can prove its value, that is the perfect marketing and selling, when you can show its value. So you're not talking about it anymore, you're showing it. You have social proof testimonials. You can demonstrate it yourself. You know?

[00:02:27] But I'm telling you the magic is in when you can feel the value. So being able to describe it, yes, so incredible. Being able to demonstrate it yes, that is show. Don't tell. But when you can feel the value of what you're doing, that's magic, and that energy is palpable, and that where you attract from.

[00:02:46] So trust me connecting and feeling all of your systems, products, and service is the fastest way to success. So it's about getting the clarity in your sales system of what I do, what I offer, what product I sell, what experience I've created, what service I give, you know, how I hold space for people, you create this product of value, and then you create an offer of value. And that is marketing. Marketing is brand clarity that communicates, connects, and then creates desire. Because you want people to desire your product or experience.

[00:03:23] And then they want to see themselves in your marketing so that they can have this experience then your marketing is about showing that connection around that service, that product, and that experience. It's about showing people being connected to it, doing it, having that experience, enjoying it. So sales systems are booking systems. Yes. They're also payment systems.

[00:03:48] So that means it's a momentum of money through your business. When you first start in business, all you want is to get paid. Now this system means that somebody's paying a deposit and once that deposit is made, the product is made, or the service is given. And right there, you are delivering on that product and then you get to finalize the payment. So a sales system is all of these systems of momentum through your business.

[00:04:16] That's how business is created, and that's how business is done. And you might see those systems as a production system or a service system, but it's really just the foundation of any selling system. And then the system to book clients and deliver on that product and service also comes from that simple sales service. So our marketing system is clarity. A booking system is where you set the expectation and educate your client and really connect to them for the 1st time.

[00:04:46] A sale system is their commitment and equal exchange of money, a equal exchange of money product and service. A service and experience is connection, right, and customer service and customer obsession, and the networking system is building relationships with other businesses like minded people and your future clients. So These are what I call systems of confidence. How crazy that all of the the basic system in your business are systems of momentum and systems of confidence, momentum to keep the money coming into your business and keep your business growing. And then the confidence is because the more you develop these systems, the more confident you become you don't get confidence and then start a business.

[00:05:37] You create these systems and they become so powerful because there's so much clarity and momentum in them, you become confident working these systems. Now then the more you infuse these systems with value and connection, the more abundant they become. It's like having big, full, wealthy tech turned on in your business that are just gushing flow of income and work into your business, but it's more than that. The sales system means so if you don't have a sales system yet in your business, you're not selling. It doesn't matter what you think you're saying out there.

[00:06:19] It doesn't even matter if you're taking money for stuff like in person like cash or payment or Venmo or whatever, you're still not in business until you create that sales system. Because that sale system means you're taking money, you're delivering with equal exchange, you're built out an e commerce system that the physical act of creating a system in your website that goes from store to checkout. Oh, they the moment of commitment right there. It goes from payment to download of your product or the booking of your service it truly is the moment of putting a price on it. It's putting a price on it, and it is putting a product out there Oh, it is putting myself out there.

[00:07:07] When you build that system, that's what you're doing. You're saying, This is how much I cost. This is what I'm worth. This is my value. This is what I give for that value, and it truly is the moment where you could be reinventing your brand every week.

[00:07:24] You could be stuck in the growing of your business for 5 years, I call that the tea party. You know, when kids play tea party and they pretend to drink tea, it feels like you're in business, but because you're not selling anything, you're really not in business. Okay? And I know you're not paying tax because you're not possibly in business, so you couldn't possibly be legitimately in business. You're still in that developmental tea party phase.

[00:07:51] So when you create the sales system, that's it. You're putting it in stone. And, yes, you can change it. You can change it whenever you want. But the whole point is that you're putting yourself out there, your product out there, your service out there, your brand out there, and that's the moment you feel like an imposter that's the moment you feel the most vulnerable, and trust me, you'll get over it, and you'll move through it eventually.

[00:08:17] So until that system is actually locked in with clarity and an offer of value, then you're just talking. You're not selling. You're just talking. You're promising, but you're not delivering, and you're not booking anything because there is no system for them to take the next step in your business. And if you don't give people the next step to take in your business, how can they say yes?

[00:08:41] Sales comes down to a yes or no offer. This is what I offer. This is how much it costs would you like this offer? Stop talking. You're waiting for a yes or a no, and it doesn't matter how uncomfortable the silence is in between.

[00:08:58] You make an offer and you stop talking, the next person who talks is buying it rule number 1 in sales. So if you add SEO to this website and pixel tracking, especially to your lead generation page, your sales page, and then you're gonna track the data of every person who comes to that platform. So if you're putting out lots of good connected marking marketing on your social media, then they're gonna come to your sales page or your lead generation page, and that pixel is free. It's gonna track who it is. Where they're from, how old they are, how much money they spend, what they do, what is their demographic, and you only need 100 of those to create the perfect avatar of people in your business so you know who you are marketing to and make these systems work for you.

[00:09:47] That's what these systems are designed for. I wanna talk to you about tech because you'll see on all of the maps, there's actually some tech, there's a learning curve around tech, and you have some options. Okay. I break it into 3 categories I'm gonna talk about everything that's kind of DIY. You're doing this with your own laptop.

[00:10:08] You're doing this with your phone. You're doing this DIY yourself, then I'm gonna talk to a little bit more of a pro version of the DIY. For instance, I have an entire history of 34 years of being a photographer. So I have a whole lot of photographic equipment. And I used my equipment in my broadcasting, which is more like the pro version of the iPhone, I've got telepromptors, and I've got foot pedals, and I've got professional lighting.

[00:10:40] So I wanna take you through both of those worlds so that you can see that you can make it happen with the DIY version. You can absolutely utilize some of the things you have for the pro version, or you might want upgrade, build a set, build lights. If your business is online and your coaching is online, then you do need a dedicated space to be able to fill and I wanna talk you through all of those setups so that you don't spend too much money when you don't need to. And then the third one is I do wanna talk about a production team because I work with a production team also, and I wanna show you what I do DIY, what I do on my own home setup, and what I do on a professional setup like this. So what I'm going to do is make the crew do a really good walk around of my pro setup, then I'm gonna take you home and show you my home setup, and then I'm going to show you my DIY setup because if you have a phone and a laptop, there is no reason you cannot start right now.

[00:11:43] You don't need a whole lot of fancy equipment. You just need to understand what this learning curve is. And in the checklist, I give options for filming and options for, obviously, a production team. So what is the tech and what is the learning curve? So A workshop in person means that you're going to probably take eight people.

[00:12:04] You could take 4, 6, 8, 12. I used to do 20, and then I went up to 25. I have done up to 40 5, I think at 50 in a workshop, but I had with me 8 other workshop host mentors that could really give those people dedicated time because in person numbers are usually much smaller. So the learning curve within person workshops, if you're in interested is anybody who's coming to you is getting all of this live connection. They're with you in the room.

[00:12:39] It's so powerful. But it does limit the numbers. So if you record this session, then you can live stream it, or you can sell the recorded version afterwards, which means that people can come in person and pay say 2 and a half $1000 or $3000 for an in person experience, but they can also pay for an online experience, and you could make that 200 or 800 or whatever value that you want to give for the online experience. And that means an in person workshop can be recorded for the people at the workshop, and it can also be recorded and live streamed and sold afterwards. Please make it very clear to the people in the room that it's going to be live streamed and sold outside of the room, because when I am with people in an in person experience, I don't give my energy away to the camera, And if you give your energy away to the camera, the people who have paid more to be in front of you are not getting all of your attention.

[00:13:46] So to me, I always realized that I'm either doing an in person experience or a live stream experience. Meaning an in person experience for me is more expensive and it's recorded, but not live streamed. And an in person experience that's live streamed is less price because the people in the room don't wanna pay full price if you're talking to the camera and not them. So There's a big difference and make sure you're utilizing the power of both of those options. For a video series, you need to create a set, and you need to create some sound, which I'm gonna walk you through, and that is for video.

[00:14:27] The same with a coaching system you would need set sound and video. And for a podcast, you really just need sound. Video is an option. However, now what we do is we record or re record on, like, one of the podcast platforms, and then you can record that screen and it stacks the video and you can use that in your marketing, or you can opt to also have a camera on you, whether that's just your phone recording so that you have short clips that you can then or edit out those short clips from the recording online so you can use clips for your podcast on social media, and that means you're basically building a basic set for sound and video for coaching systems, podcasts, and video series. There is absolutely no tech or learning curve for digital products unless you're learning how to edit, audio.

[00:15:27] And also digital products really come down to 2 things. There was no timeline on them. It came down to get them copy edited make sure that you have another set of eyes that are designed to simply copy edit because you would be amazed at how many mistakes you can make with spelling and really basic things like that. Even when you've been looking at a design for, like, 3 weeks, I once printed 12 100 gift vouchers, and there was no photographer. There was no, photographer.

[00:16:01] It was spelt. There was no there was a g instead of a p no. PH photographer gers. There was an extra g in photographers, but because photographer is a word that you see all the time, I read it three thousand times. Didn't see the typo in it.

[00:16:16] That's where you get it copy edited. With your digital products, You need the copyright. So if you're not the designer and this template is, you know, you've bought the template, are you allowed to sell? Is it commercial use? Because you can't sell a template unless it's for commercial use.

[00:16:32] You can't sell anything that's not yours. That includes AI. So it'd be very careful for the copyright and digital products. That's all I'm gonna say about that. Reels, we use our phone.

[00:16:43] It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what you have in terms of DSLR, nothing turns over a real faster than your phone, and now we have all the editing apps, and we do not need to do anything other than our phone. So get a good phone. I'm gonna walk you through tech and outsource right now. I wanna cover building a set for video and audio because video comes down to light, audio comes down to sound.

[00:17:09] There's 3 options with lighting. Everybody has natural light window, but natural light windows change. If the sun goes behind a cloud, you can drop 1 to 2 stops on your camera. And if your camera is not adjusting for that, you just blew out your exposure or dipped your exposure. If you're shooting on your phone, your phone's going to naturally change exposure.

[00:17:31] So you do have to diffuse the light, maybe get a reflector, which is a simple piece of white phone call or cardboard. I'm gonna show you how to use a ring light and then a more professional con like, like, aperture because they're brilliant, and they're very stable. They're constant. That's why they're so good. Cameron's we're gonna talk through phone DSLR right through to through to a production team, and I wanna show you that while I'm walking through that set, I wanna talk to you about mic tech recording so that you can have a proper mic.

[00:18:04] Did you know people will turn off bad audio, but they'll watch bad footage with good audio. That is a fact. We do not watch things with poor sound. Sound is more important than video quality. Do you believe that?

[00:18:19] That is a fact I would have never believed that. So the mic you get from the iPhone mic, I've got that all on my list here that you can download all of my recommended tech All of it can be purchased on Amazon. But for me, it comes down to getting a good phone mic. So when I'm doing reels, I have great audio. And then my choice of mic for my pro setup.

[00:18:44] And then when you're working with a production team, like I am today, they're going to work with overhead mics that are right up here. So I'm gonna do a good walk through of this setup and then I'm going to take you to my home setup, and then I'm gonna take you through the DIY setup. Sound editing is a big one. I don't edit sound, but there's free editing software created on your laptop that you can edit sound with. And, obviously, our phones and DSLRs now are incredible.

[00:19:16] Ring lights, aperture lights, natural light reflectors, mics, the two other pieces of equipment that I use for my pro setup that I don't use when I'm using my phone setup, my DIY setup, and that is a teleprompter. And a clicker versus petal. So I wanna show you both of those in the walk around because they change the way you speak to camera and they change the way you move your hands. Now I used to have no teleprompter, so I would have a screen with my keynote either behind the camera and slightly up or to the left. So when I'm not speaking on a teleprompter direct to camera, I would be reading my keynotes and my eyeliner is up here.

[00:20:01] Now if my eyeliner is up here or over here or over here away from the camera, I'm not talking to you. This teleprompter just brings me direct eye line. It means my notes are right between you me and the camera, and I can make an eye line. Now I always have a clicker in my hand and it bangs and it clunks and it makes noise and I sometimes over click it and have to go back. And that's just clicking through the PDF of my notes that are on my teleprompter.

[00:20:32] Now I have this amazing foot pedal and, I don't need to have this, and I can click through all of my keynote with my foot. These are really affordable now. Now I used to have soundboards and ATMs and all sorts of units, and I don't need them anymore. It's just technology just just changes so fast and it's truly incredible. And as I watch all of this tech change, I used to have all of this stuff between me and the camera and now it's easier and easier and easier and easier.

[00:21:06] You're going to see around me in my production team set up, things that look like blankets that are hanging, those are sound blankets, and they're portable. They can be bought in the heavy big thick sound blankets. The best thing you can buy is a big rug underneath you because it instantly grounds the sound and I love to build cheap sets. These are audio panels that you can just buy on Amazon. They also have my links So you can see them.

[00:21:37] When I first bought this set up, I bought, basically 8 by 12 feet for $15. I went back to buy a second set to build a second set at the studio, and they went up to $35, but I just got a hot glue gun and blue gun them to the wall. It not only looks like a really funky backdrop. It's not total black. Which is good.

[00:21:59] It's softer. It's got a bit of texture to it, but it is functional. It actually just brings the sound down around me so much. It's so cool. That's it.

[00:22:09] You're learning about light. You're learning about sound. And if you want to bootstrap and edit your own audio and video, there are free editing apps on your laptop to do it. So if you can't afford to outsource, then obviously in the beginning, you're just gonna do it yourself. That's how we build our businesses.

[00:22:30] So come and walk through all of those set with me, and I get to show you all of this cool setup that I have at home, and I can jump on these at any time and record. And I'm able to upload content directly to you. Photography, let me show you 2 that have absolutely changed my world for broadcasting and filming. Most people don't know that your beautiful big camera shoots video in high definition, but it cuts off at 29 minutes 55 seconds, unless you have this little adapter here, This is the cam link. These are really affordable, these adapters, and this makes it continuous, so it doesn't cut off so you can have a continuous high definition feed going HDMI into your laptop, and you can record video directly onto quick time.

[00:23:19] The second little adapter that's changed my world is this guy here. This is actually a Canon battery that fits in my camera, And instead of the battery being drained every hour and getting up to change batteries, this means that I'm hardwired into power. So now I've got this incredible camera, all of my glass, and I can film continuously in high definition. Both of these adapters are super affordable. I'll put the details in the post.

[00:23:54] So I just made it real. You saw that real. I'm putting that real out there, what I'm using for my reel is simply my phone. Now you'll see my phone has this amazing little microphone on it. And this little microphone here, I'll put the details in the post as brand new, they get better and better every year, you're looking at a retailer around 350.

[00:24:20] Now my original mic for my iPhone was straight out $20 from Amazon. It works really, really well, but if you want the next upgrade, then obviously this is your next upgrade. So my original $20 mic, also really good, but I just wanna show you a really cool tip that I do. I love this gimbal, it was really affordable. This is just an iPhone gimbal, and the cool thing about it is when you're floating, it just does no shake but you can control a lot of the movement right here, and this has been really, really a great product.

[00:24:58] I'm so glad I bought this, and I've been using this so much for my BTS. So one of the tricks that I do with my phone camera and, sorry, my phone mic, as you can see, the little receiver for this mic is just here. So I've got this little pack right in here. It's a lab, and it's a little receiver pack, and that little receiver pack is just attached to the back of my pants. Look how tiny it is.

[00:25:24] This is how incredible these new products are. And like I said, every year there's something new, and that's why I don't like spending too much money, I like to buy them for 2 or 3 years and make sure that they're really good ones, but I'll make sure I link all of those things So you'll see the little pack on the bottom, you'll see my gimbal. Now when I usually work with this one and this one also has 2 microphones, so you can interview someone But when I'm filming on my bigger camera, so on my teleprompter, and then I have this mic so I'm filming to my camera that's going straight to my laptop. If I need a clip for social media, I can set up my gimbal as a little BTS. So that's forming BTS, but I want the audio in there as well, and I don't wanna have to get audio off there and put it onto my reel afterwards.

[00:26:15] So what I do is this cheeky little thing, I get the iPhone mic and I actually attach that one to me so you can't see it or close to me, or what I do is I put it on the inside of my big mic, because you guys can't see that on the big camera, and it's just tucked in here And this little trick means that I now have 2 mics recording me, one is going to my phone that's gonna give me a social media clip, and this one is going to my laptop, which is getting laid into the quick time recording or onto the podcast program that I'm recording on. When I turn this mic away from the camera, you can't see that little podcast mic is in there, and that's what makes that work. So I could have this little gimbal just sitting here filming me just for a clip. I've got a second mic going to there, and then I know I've got really good audio going to, both of my products and videos, this one's gonna go to the editor to go and make a video, and that one is getting edited and put on social media.

[00:27:26] So as I said, I'm going to link all of my products because I've got really good products, and I get them at really good prices. They do change so much, and honestly, you don't need to buy the next new thing and the next new thing. If you heard me make my real, the cam link is really just so incredible As a photographer, I have digital SLRs and mirrorless cameras. I have an R5 and R6, and I have a Canon, Mark 4, and I have some of the best glass lenses in the world. So with this little adapter, I now have one of the best video cameras in the world.

[00:28:01] And with this battery, which is what I was just making my little reel on, those two little things, make sure you look at those in my, product links that I use in all of my equipment links because those are two things that will change your world So this is my at home setup. This is where I do my coaching. This is where I can record direct to quick time. This is where I do my pod casting. I did exactly the same backdrop set up here that I did down at the studio, So I bought this complete set for $15, and then I hot glue gunned them onto a seamless drop, and that's a seamless backdrop stand that can be moved around my house and packed away.

[00:28:46] Then you'll see my very basic setup is I always have my laptop, and my laptop is usually because I'm doing podcasting or recording straight to quick time for coaching. So otherwise, I will have my iPad, but my laptop is connected to this microphone, it's connected to my camera through the cam link HDMI to my laptop, so I'm getting a live feed from my camera my camera is powered in with batteries, so it's not gonna run out or turn off. It's gonna stay open as a video recording, And then this microphone goes to the laptop, that live feed comes to the laptop, and everything is now getting recorded on my laptop. And it can be recorded by me personally or remotely by my producer who is online listening to the podcast or the conversation. This teleprompter is the game changer that I talked about just having a teleprompter over your camera like this Now that screen that goes underneath the teleprompter just shows you everything that's on your slideshow and your keynote and then you're looking directly to camera.

[00:29:59] You'll see my at home setup, I utilize a little bit of natural light, but you can also see I have a lovely light source coming from my right. Let's have a look at this light. This is the aperture constant light. It's probably around retails around the $700 mark, it does have an adjustment for multiple cold and warm and, you know, they're just brilliant lights and they come with really great modifiers. Because I am a photographer, I have things like this, but then as my business became more online, I just built sets, and I built these sets with good light because everybody wants to have good light, but let me just show you as a photographer, some lighting hacks that will really change your world if you don't have an aperture light.

[00:30:54] Right now you can see that I'm lit very well with this single light. What happens if I turn the light off? As soon as we drop the light, it's gonna rely on the natural light in the room, and the natural light in the room is coming from that window over there. The best thing that anybody could do is get a piece of white foamcore. It's card, it's foamcore, it's gator foam, foam board, It's basically white foam.

[00:31:23] Now watch this. When I position this to this side of me, which gets the light from over there bounces it back to me, then I have this beautiful reflector. And sometimes that's where we have to start, and that's all we need Now that will cost you from a print shop probably about $4. You can also, in any packaging, get sheets of polystyrene. This is what the movie industry called bead wall.

[00:31:53] Bead wall is used to reflect light and build sets. The most incredible part about it is it's free, it's light, and it is the best reflector money can buy. It's even better than foamcore. And I just got something delivered, and I saw this beautiful sheet of polystyrene come out and straight away, I save it because All I need to do if I don't have enough light is put that opposite the window opposite me as soon as I can see light bouncing off there, you can see that that light is catching my face, and that makes me look better Remember, all we're trying to do is turn towards the natural light and a simple reflector card foam board, foam core, or polystyrene, best reflector in the world. You can also purchase a reflector.

[00:32:44] These are photography and video reflectors, the gold reflectors puts in a very warm cast. Let me put that up. You're going to notice that I'm going to go a lot more gold and warm. If you need that, that's okay. But these reflectors also come with diffusers and a white side and the white side is what's gonna really give you that good light reflection back.

[00:33:07] So sometimes it's just as simple as reflecting light, and you forget because I'm a photographer, and I've been lighting my sets and building my sets for 14 years, and they absolutely forget that non photographers don't know that basic tip. There is nothing that reflects like better than a piece of bead wall, polystyrene, or white foamcore catching the light, perfection. This light here is the aputure 300 x with the small modifier on it. It's a great light and for my at home studio, it's perfection. For my production team studio where I've been recording the body of this workshop, I have 2 of them one on either side with much bigger modifiers because it's lighting an entire set in a fairly dark room.

[00:34:00] So great lights, very affordable. The step down would be a ring light. There's no specific brand. I mean, I use the Elias It's an incredible ring light. It's really great.

[00:34:12] It has the phone connector. It also comes with a mirror so you can use it as a makeup mirror, and it has a times 10 on it for old eyes. It's a really good one. What I like about this light is it does warm light as well, but most of the cheaper ones do too now. So the three steps for me in lighting would be or a constant light, like aperture, Stella, Pro, also a good constant light, then this one would be the ring light, and failing that go for the window light and use your reflector back to you so that you look super good.

[00:34:50] When it comes to your backdrops, this is portable, which is great. It means I can set up anywhere in my house and take it down, but if you have an office space, you can use this hot glue gun, these pads or these audio panels directly onto your wall with a hot glue gun or a gun stapler, both work, and then you have a nice fixed set on your wall that you can shoot on every day, ready to go. For the backdrops, you know, this was so affordable, and it's portable but you also, you know, it's gotta live somewhere in my house. If you have a dedicated space and office space or a studio, put this directly into the wall. Use the hot stick glue guns and just glue gun your audio panels directly onto the wall or use a gun stapler and then you have a nice fixed set, and it's ready to go whenever you want.

[00:35:47] These do come in lots of different colors. There's also a tile that looks kind of like a carpet, it's very plain, you can get it in lots of different colors. So what I did in my last set was I used the car tiling for the audio panel, and then you can buy these sort of plastic sort of facade tiles that look really good, and I just stuck them on top of them so I had a double layer of audio sound and then backdrop set. You can use a painted wall. You can 100% use audio panel if you want because it's just gonna make you sound better, but honestly, just a painted wall or a seamless backdrop or build a little set, paint in a corner, Painter mural, do something interesting and fun.

[00:36:30] It doesn't really matter. It's just a good tip. How cool is that? What it comes down to right about now is talking through our final details so we can start coaching. I wanna talk to you about producers.

[00:36:45] I've talked a lot about a production team and how incredible they are and how much they help me. But, you know, what really moves the needle for me is a producer. Imagine that any event that you have and and you know that I have a conference with 500 boutique conference. So you know that events are a big part of my world and have been for a long time. All of our events, even our workshops, and all of our online content, all of our broadcast are run by a producer.

[00:37:17] A producer is really an invent coordinator. They're a production assistant, they're a video assistant, but they're really the person. Like, I don't do anything without a producer. There are content producers, line producers, run timelines, but a producer is somebody that runs the entire event. It runs the people.

[00:37:39] It runs logistics. It runs filming. It runs video. And then they run the set. They even run the lunch.

[00:37:46] They are a producer and a producer is a game changer. And as you get into the production team, you're going to start getting 2 producers, but a content producer specifically works with you before you broadcast or the event to actually create the content with you. Okay? And that is so incredible. They are the momentum of the day.

[00:38:10] They're the management of the day. They organize, you know, guest speakers, models, you name it, everything is done and centered around this producer, and they're a really big part of my life as you grow. I wanna talk to you about, three things that we do in camera that make a really big difference. And I just want to show you this one thing. This is a hero shot.

[00:38:36] A hero shot is when the camera is directly on me, and you can see the background. And it's a talking head also, but that hero shot is just me on a background. A dirty frame hero shot is when you pull back a little bit and you have a dirty frame, meaning you have the edges of my backdrop so you can see where the set ends around me but essentially, it's still a hero shot, just me on camera. In the wild is if you were filming me on say on location, and I'm in my studio, and I'm just doing something in my studio that is called In The Wild, and then BTS is behind the scenes. It's anything where you're basically shooting through.

[00:39:27] So it's not hero. It's not duty frame. Mostly used for b roll. It's where you're shooting through the back of, you know, the lighting around me. And as you can see, those were just all examples of what those are.

[00:39:41] I've also experimented with because your video is horizontal, and now all of our social media is vertical, then when, it was horizontal, I would work with a split screen like this. So two ways, this is picture in picture. And if I am interviewing somebody if I am talking to somebody on a Zoom presentation, or if I'm showing a video or demonstrating a video, but I still want my hero shot in. This is what we call picture in picture. And the way picture in picture works is you could be watching the above video, which is look, I'm describing my studio, and hero shots and duty frames, but you can still see me right here in the bottom of the frame talking to you.

[00:40:30] And because you can if it's somebody else that I'm interviewing, you can then see my reactions. We can also take it to a split screen, horizontal and vertical. So if it's going on social media, you split screen vertical. If you're going online, you split screen horizontally. And if I'm interviewing someone right now, they push me over to this half, and then this half is here, and you can see my reactions.

[00:40:54] And basically, there is my other half right here. So I've also done this with what's called a vertical keynote. You can go into keynote and you can custom set the size of the key key note I would set the size of my keynote to be exactly half exactly half of my width of my horizontal split screen. And then my keynote can be beside me like this, and I'm speaking to my keynote right there, but you can still see my face. So remember, those little things make a big difference when people are watching because you want people to stay engaged and you want them to keep watching your content To finish this session before we get into our coaching, I just wanna walk you through a little bit more of a brand foundation.

[00:41:42] So that you know you've created this product. You're now creating the sales system around it. If you've already got a sales system, you're really creating the marketing system around it. Let's just check-in on our branding map and just make sure that we've got our foundation set in so that we can start our coaching. Our first focus is brand We're focused on identity clarity.

[00:42:05] What's our mission? What's our vibe? What's our focus? Do we have a promise do we have an invitation? What's our connection and what is our intention?

[00:42:13] If you can answer all of those with clarity, you're already on your way to starting marketing. The name. I need you to really think about the name, the name of that product, the name of that workshop, the name of that platform, the name of that industry. Your name, name the baby, how do you star in this brand? You know, are you explained simply?

[00:42:35] What is the name of this workshop this product this platform. Name it. Give it a name, and it really is naming the baby. It's a baby and it's gonna grow. So name it.

[00:42:45] Take your time to name it. Name it. Lock that in brand category. What category does this brand belong in? What category does this content belong in?

[00:42:55] Is it obvious? Is it obvious that it's a business class, a creative class, a self development class? Is it obvious that it's craft? Is it obvious that it's for solo printers or accountants, or is it clear who this is for? Pick an industry?

[00:43:12] Pick an audience? Who is it for? Who is it not for? Give me a list of both of those things. You need to know who this is for.

[00:43:19] You need to know who this is not for. You're not selling to everybody. You gotta let some people go. It's okay. What's the function?

[00:43:27] What's the product? What's the service? Is it a physical product? Is it a physical service? Is it a digital product?

[00:43:33] Is it a digital service? Can it be any more of those? What's its function? What's its product? What's its service?

[00:43:40] Lock in your bios. Your bios are clarity for you. I want your 3 by 3 locked in. I want your brand bio locked in, and I want you and your brand story locked in with so much love and so much power. Systems.

[00:43:58] Let's get going. We build sales systems. We build ecommerce systems. We build marketing systems. Let's go and all stuff with the clarity of how we started this session here.

[00:44:09] Photo, do you have good stills? You need branding speaker stills? You need product stills. You need brand stills. You need you, your face, on that story with beautiful photography.

[00:44:24] And guess what? I just happened to be a photographer of 34 years and I just happen to know 10,000 professional photographers that can do incredible personal branding. Let me give you that list. We're already building a list of personal branding photographers around the world that can accommodate you and get you beautiful branding because beautiful rich photography changes the value of your brand, video, video as a product, video as a craft video, video is a brand story, video is your speaker reel, and sales video, nothing you do anymore will have you're gonna have someone following you around shooting video. You make reels.

[00:45:09] You're gonna make stories. You're gonna make videos that connect video, rich video and rich photography. Those two things, nothing is a more powerful communicator online. Why? Because people don't read.

[00:45:24] People don't read. You've sent out emails. You're assuming everybody's reading it they're not reading it. You put out pretty pictures and video. You gotta make people stop and read by slowing them down with photo and video.

[00:45:37] Nobody just stops and reads a full page of text for no reason you've got to stop them visually. Stop them visually. Get your marketing connected, your name, get your social media, get your link tree, get your website, Get your Facebook. If you still have it tiktok, get them all cohesively talking to each other. And one sim by artic, beautiful communication of you and your brand, and remember above all this is a visual brand.

[00:46:08] It's got to look beautiful. What is your colors? What is your style? What's your font? What's your logo?

[00:46:14] What's your vibe? Communicate that speak in your voice, create in your voice. That's the fun part is finding out who you are. The good news is we have coaching, and we'll break down every single week, We'll take it step by step. I'm so excited for you guys to get beta testing and get launching, but I'm the most excited for you to get selling.

[00:46:42] So there's lots to do. Let's get busy.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 6 ====
