==== Start of Transcript: Coaching 02 - Self Worth ====

I am becoming self worth. This is video 2. This whole I am come I am becoming coaching is about who am I? What have they got? And what do I want so I can start creating it?

And today, this video is about self worth. It's really your value metric and it's what have I got Now self worth is really about money. Money is a value metric. That is what have I got. So how did you go with video 1 homework?

Was it clear that to become an action taker to get into alignment? You have to start doing a whole lot of exploration of your old patterns your old beliefs and the way you do things. You have to decide what you want with certainty and conviction because this is what lights you up. Well, now it's time to explore the dreams that you have and what you want. And then to become this thing, this new identity that you're bringing into your life, you have to start prioritizing yourself in order to do that.

You have to do 2 things. You have to learn how to speak up and set boundaries for your time, and you have to start asking for more today. So this video, I want to show you what you are currently asking for. Okay. This video is what have I got and being that what you've currently got is what you believe you are worth, then let's really look at that.

I'm going to make you do your survival budget over and over and over again until it's fun until it's no longer a survival budget until it's a big beautiful goal setting Thrive budget. But the only way to get to that big, beautiful, thriving life and bank account is to take control and responsibility for the money you have right now and understand that this is a value metric because it tells me what you are asking for And mostly it tells me what you're not asking for. And when I say it tells me what you're asking for. It's going to show you what you asked for, and it's going to show you the limits of what you asked for. And it's really got to show you what you're not asking for in video 1 you learned about the relationship with yourself to honor yourself in order to go after what you want and to set those boundaries so that you can actually become and do the things you want without ever compromising yourself or overgiving or feeling taken advantage of or feeling like there's never enough time or money or options for you, but instead being ignited by your own joy.

That's what being an alignment is. It's being an alignment with what you want. You can spend your life thinking everybody else is selfish or being an envy in any way anybody else, but, you know, they are living their lives and you're choosing not to. Where does this resentment come from? Where does this envy come from?

You see resentment comes from envy. And envy comes from, I want what they have. It's not fair that I don't have it. And it's easy to get stuck in a poor me, must be nice, resentful mentality about creating anything in your life. But I always look at the people that have what I want, and I always ask, how did they get that?

How do I get that? And I go and create that for myself. Envy is the call to write the goal list, but do not spend time and resentment or envy of anybody else living the life that you want when you're choosing not to ask for what you really want. So why is money a value metric because it's in direct proportion to what you ask for, and therefore, what you believe you are a work. I'm gonna say that one more time.

Why is money a value metric? It seems superficial. It seems false. It seems wrong. Because that's the way we are conditioned because what you have right now is in direct proportion to what you ask for and therefore what you believe you are worth.

You learned from video 1, it's about asking. Now this will blow your mind. So what is money pain? I always talk about money pain. It's debt.

Debt is money pain. It's struggle. It's pain because it's shame and stress and fear, pure shame, and we hide it, and we avoid it. And most people would do anything to alleviate this pain. That's why we believe if somebody gave us money, our life would be better because we would have no pain.

It would heal the pain, but what it does is it heals a very temporary pain. Because somebody gave it to you. You didn't learn how to value it. You didn't learn how to generate it, create it. You didn't ask for it.

You asked for your pain to be alleviated and then somebody alleviated it for you. They put a little band aid on your pain for a short period of time. But you can't keep asking that person, that same person to keep saving you. You have to learn how to save yourself. So I know I say this message over and over and over again in my coaching.

But if you have money pain, stop avoiding it, run towards it. Run towards it, truly take control of it, bring the shame into the light, and smash it so you can move forward. Creation is focus and emotion, what I am focused on, and how I feel about it, because emotions are my limit, Manifestation is simply clarity. When I know what I want with certainty and conviction, I have clarity, and then I start filling that space with joy. If you're avoiding your debt, if you're avoiding looking at your money, if you're avoiding your money because it makes you feel bad, like a loser, like a failure, like your out of control, like you can't have this, like you don't know how to manage it, you don't know how to get it, so you just avoid it.

Then that's what you're focused on. You're focused on the struggle. And if you focus on the struggle, you're gonna invite more struggle every day, focus and emotion, the state in which I dwell. This is there is a small percentage of people always in my audience. There is a small percentage to people that have zero desire to be financially independent, and they actually start to glaze over, pull back, fold their arms, get very passive in their listening body language when I talk about money.

And a lot of people don't like talking about money because they grow up with the thing that talking about money is bad or money is evil, or it's superficial, but money makes our world go around, and it is the perfect value metric to tell me what you believe you're worth. Also, I'm not talking about avoiders when I say that people glaze over when I talk about money because a lot of people will avoid taking control of their money because of all the bad feelings there. I'm not talking about those people, there's a small percentage of people that go passive when I talk about money because mostly their money is their money is okay. They're in a situation where they're supported. They have money.

They have some financial assistance. They might get that from their spouse. They might get that from their parents. Who knows? It might be a trust fund.

It doesn't really matter. Where that money is coming from because to them, they feel safe. They don't need to look at avoidance. They don't need to look at debt. Everything's good.

And they have enough. So I really wanna address simply that group of people. If you find yourself financially supported by someone else, don't skip this video. Don't skip this homework. This segment is not about money.

It's about self work And regardless of how comfortable you feel in your life, you need to protect the future castle, protect the castle. Remember ladies, a man is not a financial plan. And what's the saying? Maybe you have a trust fund, maybe you have a wealthy spouse, that you never know when either might run out. It's a Mary Schmidt quote from wears sunscreen.

It's one of my favorite pieces of writing. Alternatively, there may be people that are thinking, I don't want to hassle and grind and be rich. I don't want to hassle or grind either. I hustled and ground my fingers to the bone to be successful because I thought I had to. And also, I had to break a cycle of generational poverty in my family So I felt like it was this huge responsibility for me to become successful, and I ground and hustled and worked myself to the bone until I learned how to value myself and my work.

And then money started to flow towards me, and I want money to flow towards you so that you can build the life you want. I want money to flow towards you so you can be free of the stress and money pain So you can have freedom and options and a home you love and a retirement I want you to have peace, serenity. I didn't think about my retirement until I turned 50. I'm fifty 2. I feel like as young people, we avoid this idea that we're going to have to support ourselves into our older years because we're so busy living abundantly now that we're not thinking about 20 years from now, 30 years from now, money simply gives me more options.

It gives me more joy to have the things that I want to have and share with people. The house I wanna live in, the career that I want to have, the things I want to do, the travel I want to do, and it doesn't have to be big. You don't have to ask for a lot. You can just ask for freedom and peace and independence so that you can live quietly and happily however you choose, you will see in your homework this video that I have a gift for you. This is what I call the $1,000,000 dream.

I have done this exercise with myself a thousand times with friends, with clients for over 20 years, and it always blows me away because some people can't even receive this check. At my workshop, I give this check to people in their hands. I watch people. Some people are unable to hold it. Another reason that money is a value metric.

This is a fake check, and it brings up so many feelings and thoughts, and I want you to explore all of them How does this money make you feel? What would you do with it? Where would you travel? What would you buy? Where would you live with this money?

Spend time in your homework here. This is so life changing. What would it change? Would this money change you at all? Because if it didn't change you, you're on the right path.

If it's just gonna make you more of what you already have, then you know exactly what you're going to do with it. It has direction. It has value. You've gotta really explore the space What could you have with this money that you don't have now? Who could you share it with?

For people with money pain, this money, this check, represents life, freedom. It it represents no longer feeling this way, it represents no more money pain, and people feel intense emotion just holding this check fill it in. Put your name on it. Stick it to your wall so you see it every day, and I want you to sit with it, meditate with it, journal with it, video it, feel what it's like to have this money, feel what it's like, to have this money. It's the feelings that we need to acknowledge because this is what we're bringing into our life.

These new feelings But here's the rule. You will do with that $1,000,000 exactly what you're already doing with money now because money makes you more of what you already are. And if you're not asking for abundance in your life, this money will represent abundance. You will take that abundance and spend it on all the things want to fulfill yourself with. And then once that money spent, there's no more coming because you didn't learn to ask for more.

You didn't learn to ask for consistent money. You didn't learn to value it and give it direction. You just got it and gave it the direction that you wanted. So this is why this lesson is so powerful if you can get to the understanding that everything I would do with this money is not what I'm doing now. Everything I want with this money is not what I'm asking for now, then you can start doing these things and asking for these things because when I give you that money, that's really what you wanna do with it.

I always say, what would you do with it? Who would you share it with? And people would like, I would buy my mom a house, and I would pay off my sister's debt and mortgage. And then I would do this. And I'm like, cool.

You just saved everybody with your $1,000,000 and didn't make any of that for yourself. You didn't keep it for you. You gave it away. And that means that's what you're doing with money right now. If you accumulate it and sit on it, tight fisted, but don't live with it.

That's what you're doing with money right now. If you invest it because you already have investments, that what you're doing with money right now. The goal is to see what it is that you want, see what it is that you would do with it, so that you can start asking for it so that you create the path to everything you want on that list and that you also acknowledge that on the list of what I would do with it, if I'm giving it away, spending it, you know, throwing it against the wall, going to a casino, I'm never going to keep this money. So look at what it is you're throwing the money at and what is the feeling you get when you think of buying all that stuff, having all that freedom, having all that debt free, having all that abundance, acknowledge the feelings because these are the feelings you don't feel when you struggle every single day to not make money. I call it the survival budget And it's so comprehensive.

Look in your homework. Spend time with it, days, weeks, rewrite it, reprint it, rewrite a new one every single time. Remember, even though I call it your survival budget, it's really how you're living now survival budget. There is not a more obvious example of no more and no less than writing out your current survival budget. I'm going to make you do this budget over and over again, as I said, until you stop avoiding it and start getting excited excited that you can grow it.

You can already see from week 1, but this is about asking for more. So do your survival budget, do it for truth your truth, self truth, that truth. Do it for acceptance. This is where I am now and I can't change it or make it better until I acknowledge what I've been doing prior to this day, accept it. This is where I am.

And when I look at the truth, the facts don't fall into a narrative of I'm such a loser. I'm such a failure when people find out the truth. Oh, I'm such a loser. No. You're going to just accept that you've been avoiding acknowledging this truth, and now you're going to look at it for what it is.

And you can look at that money now and say, I have the power to quadruple that income, smash that debt, and start to attract everything I want in my life. Do it to see where the money is going currently because then you can plug those blocks and those leaks, and you can bring your power focus attention to your money so that you know where every dollar is going and that it's coming towards you to make it a better life for you. Do it so you can set boundaries with people and stop giving money away, do it to take control, do it to confront the money pain, you avoid it because you don't wanna feel the money pain, but when you confront it, the money pain goes away because you are now in charge of it. Do it so you can see you get exactly what you ask for no more and do it so that you can ask for more. If you live, everybody lives just under their means.

It's whatever your means that everybody lives just under them. And there's always enough, isn't there? That's why I call it survival. But if there's just enough or never enough, then I know you're not asking for more. You're not focused on asking for more.

You're focused on just getting enough because that's what's showing up for you every single month. If you have money flow, even if small money flow. Let's say there is savings and your debts in control. If you have money flow and there's savings, you're what I call accumulating, that's the next step once you get to awareness of your money avoidance. You start to cancel out that debt and take control of the bad money pain, you get to this place where you start to accumulate And sometimes just little accumulation, it just starts and you might just be safely there, or maybe you've accumulated a lot and you're starting to really save.

Well, money needs direction and money needs value. So I know that if you're at the accumulating phase, you've it got some money value because you don't have debt and you're starting to accumulate, but there still might not be enough or good flow. I know you've given it direction because you're saving. So now you've got to give it real direction. This is when you start asking for even more because you want to create more savings.

You want to save for that trip overseas. You want to save for that new house whatever it is that lights you up, all of our values are different. We all like to spend money in a different way because money brings us opportunities and situations of joy and experiences and shared life experiences. So you cannot judge what somebody else wants in terms of money, and you cannot judge what somebody else spends their money on because we are all different values. So stay focused on really what it is that you value the most and you will really see it doing your survival budget the things you value most should be on that list.

And if the things you value most are not on that list when you create your thrive budget, we're going to put them on this list. So how much you ask for in terms of abundance is up to you. The rule is no more and no less, but I have been coaching people for 13 years with money. And there's always a small percentage of people in the room that are struggling with debt that say, I want $10,000,000 Ana Ferrari and a private jet, and I wanna be famous. They'll do this list of things that is not congruent to the life they have right now.

And let me bridge the understanding of how you ask for a Ferrari in terms of manifestation and then sit on the couch with your hands down your pants and expect the Ferrari to manifest in the driveway. This is a gray area. How much you ask for is up to you, but the rule is no more and no less. But in order to activate, that you can't ask for squillions because there is not a path to squillions right now, so there's no alignment and that's not sustainable as a future vision, that's why we have to grow in increments. So I want you to start instead of looking at, you know, the squillions, asking for squillions.

And don't worry, we're gonna focus on what you're asking for when we write your Thrive budget. This entire lesson is about understanding what you have now and what you don't ask for. So stay focused on the lesson. We will bring the Thrive in very soon. Okay?

Why we grow in increments is the whole point of understanding what it is that you would do with that $1,000,000 and what you want right now is that you're going to start asking for more, but I don't want you to be all up in squillion. So let me break it down. If I say I want a private jet, I know a private jet is going to cost me $50,000,000 Now the law of attraction states that if I hold that focus with the focus and emotion every single day, of pure alignment that I want that. I know it's coming to me. This is my future.

This is my path. I still have to bridge a gap to $50,000,000 to buy a plane. And right now, my business is not set up in a way that could possibly explode to $50,000,000. I also know if I want a private jet, I'll need more than 50,000,000 to buy the jet because it's gonna cost me a $1,000,000 a year to fly the jet. And that's not congruent with the path I'm walking right now.

Is it possible? Yes. But nobody can hold a well, nobody, see, limits. If you could hold that focus and you possibly could find a way to a $100,000,000, What happens is as you start to see evidence that what you want is coming towards you, you start to ask for more for more inevitably that jet will be there. But because you can't wake up in alignment with that jet, because you're going to get to, but how And if you say but how, you send back what you've asked for, you're not to ask for the the way it's coming to you, you're to ask for the what is coming to you so that you can experience that joyfully.

As soon as you say but how you send it back, if you make the goal too big, it becomes but how too quickly and you never get there because it's not congruent with the path you are walking right now. So make sure that when you start to do your dreams, you're just doubling what you have or above what you have. I don't care if it's 500 more a month, 1000 more a month, 2000 more a month, 2000 more a month, it's you will work your way up to 10,000 more a month, but don't make the gap between what you want and what you're asking for too big because you won't be able to sustain the focus of having it. You will just feel but how and send it back. Stay focused on the lesson of this video.

The lesson is seeing what you are not asking for now having a look at your survival budget the way you live right now and asking for more because now we're going to create the path to these things but you cannot get to the path until you can see what you are asking for currently and what you are allowing for yourself. Allowing for yourself. This makes me feel so uneasy because I don't want to believe that I'm the one stopping these things from coming to me that I don't allow abundance to come to me. Don't jump ahead of this lesson, feel all the feels all the feels as you, you know, this money, this money work, it brings up money pain. It brings up fear, stress.

It brings up Oh, just wanting more brings up judgment, brings up unworthiness, just thinking about wanting more makes you feel uneasy. I want you you feel all of it, feel it, understand these emotions are your limits. Your emotional self is the limit of how far you can go. You cannot get into alignment when whatever you're thinking is causing emotional stress because the emotional stress will just create more narratives, more stuck thoughts, then you're stuck in the loop, and you've gotta come down to your heart, connect, and get into alignment with what you want. And when you start to see your old beliefs you bring them to awareness.

And when you believe when you look at these beliefs and you're aware that you believe this, you release it to awareness and you come to acceptance. And that is the biggest life changer of them all. Enjoy your homework this week. Spend time. I don't care if it takes you a day, a week, a month, but really spend time with how you're living now.

So that you can see with facts, you can see where you are in your own way.

==== End of Transcript: Coaching 02 - Self Worth ====
