==== Start of Transcript: Homework 01 - Self Perception ====

Everyone. Welcome to this coaching series. I'm so excited to work through all of this with you. This is a homework video for video 1. Why do I need a homework video?

Because I write the power talk and the concept, and then I write the homework, and then I go and do the homework that's Lee, would you believe the 2nd most exciting part for me is getting to do it? And then I changed homework and I have all of these incredible insights because I'm doing it. And then what I do is I get to a place where I'm like, it's ready, it's ready, and then I give you guys, and then you guys go through it, and then you give me your reactions and feedback, and my brain goes, So developing content with people like this is how you should develop any content It's just the next step and the next step. And so you're unfolding, I'm unfolding, and the content unfolds. You know, video 1, the objective of video 1 is for you to assess your identity in every area of your life.

I just want you to assess it. I don't want you to pull it apart. I just want you to feel these questions, journal the ones that challenge you, or site you, and I want you to learn about yourself. You're unfolding yourself. You're not becoming something.

You're not That's not actually possible. Everything you are is already in there. So as we start to look at it and unfold it, video 1 can be kind of brutal. It's gonna show you every area of your life that you feel disconnected, disempowered, unfulfilled, and we can get this really deep sadness. So I know I did when I I remembered, like, starting to do this work 21 years ago and being horrified or rather just I felt like it was insurmountable.

I felt like I was so disconnected in my life that I couldn't actually get this back. Like, I would have told you out of the ten areas, 8 of them, I was tanking in life. So I just wanna walk you through the 10 areas and the questions I'm asking here so that you can really feel the answers for yourself and that you can explore yourself in each of these ten areas, I have seen instructors, coaches, gurus break down 7 areas of life, 8 areas of life, but I've chosen 10 because I feel like we can move in all ten. Some might not even be that applicable to you but it doesn't matter. Just hear me out and why I've broken it down into 10.

I've broken it down into your self worth, which none no areas ever have self worth, but I truly want you to start to look at what you really believe and how you feel about yourself. The goals that you, have, want, what you've created for yourself thus far, what you're going to create for yourself moving forward. The second area is body image, and body image is how you express your physical body, so how you physically, you know, present yourself to the world and how you feel about your physical body. And that might be, I have tattoos and piercings and a shaved head, or I wish I had tattoos shaving at Shave head and pierced everything, but I'm too scared to it. It's like living in your full body expression and also your body image.

The third one is my self care, and I really want that to be just basic maintenance, like how I care for myself, how I rest, how I prioritize myself, how I restore, 4th area is my physical health. That's nutrition, maybe managing chronic illness if you're going through something. It's about healing, it's about support, and physical health is how you move your body. The one thing that's the most important to me is that we do not get stuck in any type of mindset or language around diet culture, or being skinnier or diet eating. Okay?

I am never if I'm talking about diet, I am on a very special diet. I'm on an anti inflammatory diet because I'm menopausal, and I am suffering from chronic pain due to osteoarthritis. I have to follow a very strict diet of non processed food. It's not a calorie deficit. I don't lose weight on this diet.

I just and pain free. So I wanna make sure I smash that home. There is no diet culture in my language, and there is no diet culture in self value or in self love. Diet culture has programmed us to to just programmed us to be robo to think we're not good enough, and we'll never achieve this one body type that most of us do not have anyway, so please, if you hear my language start to sound like diet culture, you can question it By all means, you can even correct me lovingly because I will accept that I never want to speak from a place of diet culture. Also, I don't say working out.

I say move your body. I don't like working out, so I don't work out. That is diet culture language. Now if I want to lift weights to build strength, I still don't say I'm working out because I will find a way to lift weights joyfully that doesn't have that filthy word in it. That's my soapbox, but very important.

I want to talk about physical health with people in this area because also if you have a chronic illness and you have chronic inflammation, if you have physical pain, and if you need to start to get some help for that or menopause just know that, you know, when you start to prioritize your health and your nutrition to eat for that it has nothing to do with calories and everything to do with how incredible it can make you feel when you have the right help. Oof. Number 5 is my money flow because let's face it. That's one of the biggest areas in everybody's life. We wanna know how you flow with money.

I wanna know how you manage money, how you accumulate money, and how you grow with money. And the number 6 is my career, my business, so maybe you're going back to the workforce, fill it out anyway. Maybe you have a job, you hate, fill it out anyway. Maybe you have a business or you want to start a business, fill it out anyway, follow the prompts, you'll get it. What's really important in that segment is that you feel that you like who you work for, who you like, who you work with, and what you create.

Those are the 3 magic energies, and if you feel disconnected to all of those, don't worry, that's just an area we're gonna fill with love. Number 7 is my love relationship. If you are currently single, I'll do a bonus video in the next series of attracting the perfect love for you, which is really about falling in love with yourself first, so we're gonna get there eventually anyway. And if you absolutely are single right now, you don't have to fill in your love relationship or significant other. It's just not an area of your life that you have active right now, and that's completely okay.

Number 8 is your friendships and social circles. Number 9 is your family relationships. Now that can be your family, mom, dad siblings, and it also could be the family that you have underneath you if you have your own family and maybe you are not connected to a wider family anymore, that's fine. Your family relationships is where you have to settle your personal boundaries, so that's always a great area just to look at. And then lastly, number 10 would be my mental health, which would be your mental health, self care, and your spiritual well-being.

And I'm gonna ask pretty much the same questions in each area. These questions are designed to make you feel something. I don't care what you think about this anymore. I'm asking you to stop thinking about it and start feeling This is such a funny game when I play it with people when they start to unfold because just know your emotional self Your response to any thought is as far as you can go in any area. So as you work through each of these areas, every time you encounter emotion, you're gonna stop.

Every time you encounter strong emotion, you're probably gonna run. And there are so many triggers to avoidance when you start to look at the emotions that you keep, like, locked up and hidden away. So the point of that is that you actually feel them. Sometimes the questions might feel a little repetitive, and that's okay, follow them and just follow the feeling that goes with them. In every area, I ask, the first question I ask is, do you feel respect for yourself in this area.

And do you feel second question, respected by others? In this area of your life. And specifically, when you're doing body image, you're only to think of any situation that actually involves your body image. So try and stay focused on the area because we feel very different in different areas of our life and then we have very common, you know, low scores also throughout all the areas of our life. So just feel them and journal them and just sort of feel it, stop thinking too much, stop going back to narratives, just keep the feeling keep it here and keep returning to love.

And so I want you the reason I ask if you feel respect for yourself and if you feel respected by others, is because I really wanna know if you honor yourself, like, in this area of your life, and if you feel honored you know, and seen by others in this area of your life, because I think that is so important. I ask if you feel heart connected, to this area. And a heart connection can just feel like alignment, it feels at peace, it feels right, it feels good, it feels exciting, it just feels connected. If it feels disconnected, I just want you to really sit with why. Why does this area feel disconnected, and what's the next feeling that pops up?

Sadness? Anger, fear? Like, what is it? It's okay. Let it wash over you, and if it gets too much in one area, get up and shake it off, and walk away.

I ask, do you feel love in this area of your life? Like does it ignite you in any way? I ask if you feel in love or in lack, and that sounds a lot like do you feel connected or disconnected, but it's not. Feeling in love is feeling like everything is coming through and up into you instead of trying to get a connection to something, or you'll know that feeling and just sort of sit there and say, do I feel love, or do I feel lack? You know, love is acceptance, and love, it feels just peaceful, it's not necessary, it's not happiness, love is a feeling of contentment, openness, it's a feeling of being completely at peace.

It also feels like joy, and it feels like bubbles of excitement, but ultimately It's a feeling of just no stress. It's just at peace. That's a beautiful feeling. I asked, do you feel empowered or disempowered in every area of your life? Because when you don't feel empowered somebody or something will disempower you, and I wanna know what that is because I want you to know what that is.

I ask how you prioritize yourself in that area so that you can see the steps you need so that you can start prioritizing yourself moving forward. I asked, do you set boundaries easily in this area? Because then you're gonna see who needs boundaries set and what are they And how do I speak them up? And who am I speaking boundaries to? I ask always an every area in any time I see you, I'm going to ask you if you're asking for more, more time, more space, more help, more support, more education, more money, more connection, more resources.

You're asking for more. Seeking more, stepping up to receive more. I always ask if you believe you're worthy of receiving in every single area and you might be very surprised by the answer to that. I ask if you feel equal exchange in this area because you've got to learn how to save an equal balance and you're about to find out where you are most out of balance in your life. I will always ask you, do you speak your truth?

In this area, I always wanna know, do you speak your truth to yourself first And then to all others, how you really feel, what you really want, and who you really are inside, sit with these questions every segment and truly ask yourself these questions you know, you will see in the homework there's journal prompts throughout all of the homework, but you don't have to journal everything, journal the questions, like I said, that challenge you or maybe excite you or just make you feel uncomfortable and just unfold the truth in you your truth. Okay? It's not about thinking something through, even though it's thought work, it's about thinking, living the feeling come up, sit with the feeling. Don't think more about it. Just observe that feeling and go, wow.

I feel this way, you know, when you read anything and then you think about it, you focus on the feeling and understand that in this moment, I'm asking you to actually assess your self perception in every area, and your self perception is what you think of yourself in this area, what you believe other people think of you in this area but make no mistake about it, this self perception you have this identity that you're assessing is the identity you have given yourself. So I'm really just asking you to look at it. Ask yourself in every area. What identity am I being in this area? Am I being a different person in different areas of my life, or am I being the same person in all of them?

How am I showing up in that area of my life. Do I like who I am being in that area of my life? And do I like what I'm receiving, what I'm getting, and what everyone is mirroring back to me in that area of my life? I'm interested to see if there's any reoccurring themes, maybe asking or setting boundaries comes up low in all of your areas, And maybe what might surprise you is how good you are at some areas and that you might be really suffering and others, and I think that's really intriguing because I honestly would when I go back, I'm telling you right now, I had 2 areas down family and friends. The other 8, I felt like I was out of control in my life with my money.

I felt like I was trapped in my body. It's so incredible to me that I would have told you I was 80% like tanking at the time. I do remember feeling sad. And like I said, I do remember thinking it was insurmountable, and I didn't know how I was gonna do all of this for work. And really the work was falling in love with myself, so it's so much more fun than you think it is.

The goal with this coaching series is to fill each of these areas of your life with so much love, that it's just spilling out of you please be kind to yourself. Sometimes week, one video one could be really hard, but I just want you to just pump the brakes a little bit, you know, because everybody's just doing the same thing, wanting to get ahead in their lives, and we disconnect for a while there, and sometimes it feels like a long road back, but it is not. Whatever you find, you want whatever you unfold, And I always say you're about to fall in love with yourself, but first you're going to really unfold who you are. And I'm really excited about what you'll find when you actually unfold there. I want you to know that no matter how big or scary it feels, that you're just shining a love light on all the parts that you hide and you just shine a love light on your shame, and you shine a love light on the dark parts of yourself that you keep locked away from people that you think are unacceptable.

And when you start to shine, you know, a light on your shame in hear it, you realize you don't you don't have it anymore. So bring out the monster. It's okay. You are safe in your emotions. Bring out the monster that you think is something that you don't want to see and just look at it, and I want you just to say this, bring out the monster, and then say to yourself, it's okay.

It's my monster. It's okay, you know, sometimes it gets really scary in there, and I don't know why, because it's all the emotion that you just want to hide from, and it's so so accessible and you are completely safe. So when you start connecting to each area of your life and when you start getting into alignment, you start to light up each area of your life, and you're going to start to see change very, very quickly. And so remember this, wherever I go, there I am. You can run from yourself, or you can run towards yourself.

But regardless, wherever you go, there you are, and after you complete each segment, go online to the survey, and just fill it out, because you're gonna forget tomorrow next week, next month, you will forget who you are when you wrote that the first time. It's an incredible way for give me feedback on where you're at and what you need so I can keep creating more steps forward. But ultimately, it's about you just tracking your progress. When you shift your mindset, I wrote this in the group, when you shift your mindset, you forget. You start to think a different way.

You start to see evidence. You start to, see a change in the way people treating you, it feels so good that you forget what it was like when you were stuck, and you forget what it was like when you were in a loop, and you forget what it was like when you were in that downward spiral of nothing's working for me. I feel stuck. I'm frustrated. This is not fair, and then all of a sudden things start to work.

And by the time you get to there, you will 100% forget how you used to feel, how you used to act, how you used to think, and how you used to be. You know, I'm so excited to do this coaching with you, I do remember what I used to think and what I used to believe about myself back then, but that's only because I have documented my journey through self value all the way. You know, 23 years ago, I just hated my job. I hated my life. I hated my body.

I I felt 100% trapped in my body. Like, it was I blamed my body for everything. My body was the reason I couldn't be successful. My body was the reason I couldn't find love. I felt stuck in my career, I couldn't manage money, I couldn't ask for money.

I struggled in my self worth, and I even thought, like, even going through it, I still, even though I can think about that and read all of that, I don't feel that way anymore. I just don't feel that way, so it's a weird thing to look back at myself and think that I used to live this way, because the person who I am now doesn't even identify with that, that's why I want you to track this progress so that you can get to the end of this coaching series, and I don't care if you do it in 8 days, 8 weeks, 8 months, take your time. I don't care if you do it eighty times, You're just unfolding yourself at every level. Like I said, I watched the video, I did the homework, I came back changed the homework, I got excited about the homework. I came back and did more homework because every level I unfold at a new level as well it's not like you just unfold and there you are a butterfly, you know, we just keep unfolding who we are as we change, as we get different experiences, and we want different things, and we wanna change and learn different things and create different things in our lives.

You don't have to stay the same. I have been to the absolute depths of self hate and I have suffered in my own thoughts and I've gotten in my own way, and I was worthy of loving myself, and so are you. So this is actually a really exciting time and I know that this feels glamorous and it's probably, it probably feels kind of stressful, or maybe you will look at it not like something that you find in yourself, and it doesn't matter because I know that you're worthy of love, so, you know, accept that, sit with it, and just accept it. And I think sometimes people say things like, what have I done, or I've ruined my life, or I, I want you to stay out of the What you've done is come here. What you've done now is held up a mirror to everything you don't like about yourself so that you can start filling that with love.

I found out the only job that I have in this entire world is to love myself and also to create a life that I love and, therefore, love myself even more so that I can be loved and then I can show everybody else how to love themselves. There's no other way to get it. And, yeah, truly, truly exciting. If you get stuck on the homework, tag me in the group and ask for help, please just ask for help. And remember, I'm not your therapist.

You could take these questions to your therapist, though. I'm sure they will appreciate them. I'm not a therapist. So here's a good note, I'm not a doctor. So when I say I'm not your therapist, I don't want you to give me answers that you think I want to hear.

I want you to unfold the answers in you, and I want you to see them. I want you to come to the realization that this is you, and I am not a doctor. So if you feel like you need help support seek the help of a doctor or therapist, especially for mental illness, depression, suicidal thoughts, or trauma. You do not have to suffer alone. You can get help.

Please, please go and get that. Mostly, unfold. I am so excited to see what you're going to learn about yourself. Especially doing this homework, I'll see you in the group.

==== End of Transcript: Homework 01 - Self Perception ====
