This is the copy of my keynote.
When you see PINK copy and paste this information
When you see GREY do not use this information unless you need it
When you see BLUE develop that content into HOMEWORK






TITLE: Content Curator Keynote 1 MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP


Introduction to Personal Brand + Digital Products


The future is STORYTELLERS. 


The world of marketing has changed; NOW it’s 15 - 90 seconds of engaging narrative and visually stunning content. I just watched a Kevin O’Leary video that said, “The number one demand I have for my companies are people that can take the concept of the business and tell a story about it, produce a video, do really rich photography, build out SHORT VIDEOS for social media to sell product direct to customer.” Social Media expedited Personal Branding, and now Photographers, Videographers, Content curators, Coaches, and STORYTELLERS are the future.


It’s the ability to Craft Compelling Narratives: If you are a Solo-preneur who is building a brand around YOU, then you are creating and starring in YOUR Brand Story. NOW, you are creating your OWN advertising, promotions, publicity, and PR all through social media. Or maybe you are crafting these stories as a Photographer, Writer, or Videographer for personal brands, focusing on developing the skillset to tell impactful stories that resonate with your audience and connect your authentic brand message.


The advertisers followed the audience off TV, and now you not only have to craft well-made content but also have to communicate and connect your Brand, your brand story, YOU, maybe your team, your product, your service, your experience, and You have 3 seconds to stop me from scrolling.


4 SYSTEMS Revenue Streams | Four taps: Do you offer a Physical service? Do you offer a digital service? Do you offer Physical products? Do you offer Digital Products? Are all taps ON? 


PHYSICAL PRODUCT - Most businesses are built around the two oldest commerce systems: selling a physical product and selling a physical (hands-on) service. These systems TRADE MONEY FOR TIME.


Physical products such as merchandise are handcrafted or manufactured, sold, and shipped. Income is generated through sales and profit margins. The headache is in the manufacturing and storage costs. The concern with manufacturing is the fixed cost of making it upfront. The customer support challenge is in shipping and quality control and time. Product complaints are usually about expectations, Shipping errors + damage, lost and the time it takes! *None of that happens when they can see it and hold it and take it now. That’s why whenever I took products ANYWHERE I was speaking and teaching I sold out but what a headache.


By 2017 we started working with PhotoFlashDrive.com, evolved from printing to - Manufacturing / Storage / Shipping for you for a %. TACTILE TOUCH feel TANGIBLE Products, Brand Merchandise (MERCH). In my Studio, at my Conference, at Meet-ups, and at Workshops, Any LIVE event I will have merchandise and physical versions of the online content I sell. We also sell online for a shipping cost, and I am developing more due to demand.


PHYSICAL SERVICE: For a physical service, any hands-on service provider, like a salon or remote worker, costs involve travel, remote equipment, location rental, insurance, public liability, and/or a commercial lease. For hundreds of years, this is how we’ve done business—Casino, the only business on the planet where you give them money, and they give you nothing in return.


DIGITAL SERVICE: A digital service caters to designers, makers, marketing creators, coaches, and any online service system that allows you to create income remotely, anywhere in the world. Then, social media changed the world, and the rise of digital services and products altered the way we connect with audiences; now, we create content to engage and connect our personal brands and products directly to consumers.


DIGITAL PRODUCTS: The fourth system is Digital products like templates, ebooks, video libraries (anything you can download or access instantly). I call these products ‘MAKE MONEY WHILE YOU SLEEP’ products. 


In 2010, I created my first Physical product that sold online and shipped by hand by me. It was a large deck of cards to teach Photographers posing and direction; I sold them for $300.


During a trip to Australia where I met my parents, I awoke one morning, checked my email, and said, “OH, I made $3000 dollars last night.” My Dad said, “What do you mean?” I said, “Well, while I slept, 10 people bought my product, and I made $3000.” The next morning I came out to find my Dad sitting by my laptop with his coffee and an excited look on his face. He said, tapping on the laptop, “Come on, have a look.” I laughed and checked my sales, and I said, “OH well, today I only made $300,” and my Dad said, “WELL, that’s $300 more than someone paid me to sleep.”


I look at these products and systems as being 4 taps, and I want them all turned on in my business. The world of digital products is growing exponentially. 
Let’s turn on all the revenue streams into your business and make money while you sleep. Digital products are designed for digital download or to enjoy online. The simple PDF has become eBooks, Magazines, Guides, Cards, Presets, and templates—ANYTHING that can be purchased online for an instant download.


To Develop a Digital Product, you Develop Content. Or there is Design - which can be outsourced or DIY. Create your own BUT if from Templates & Apps copyright. No Manufacturing costs, Variable Cost Production & Editing cost (Video), Packaging - None required, Storage - Website capabilities Hard drives, Host Platform, Shipping - None for digital products, Sales Tax - No Sales Tax (State Law), Customer service: I can’t Log in / I can’t access my product, I can’t use this product. Marketing Ad spend.


What kind of CONTENT CURATOR do you want to be? Identity & Clarity.


A Digital Product Maker, Coach, Teacher, Storyteller, Master of your Craft, Motivational Speaker, Image Maker, Instructor, Social Media Creator, Brand Ambassador, Template Maker, Performer/Composer/Entertainer, Vlogger, Systems Creator, Podcaster/Interviewer, Artist.


If you struggle to NAME it, then it’s not CLEAR. “If you cannot explain it simply, you don’t know it well enough” - Einstein. Manifestation, Confirm, Declare, Demonstrate, Embody – that’s clarity.


The solution to Imposter syndrome is MASTERY. What exactly do you want to MASTER? Clarity, SIMPLICITY.


AM I qualified? Do you have to be THE EXPERT? No! Do you have to be AN EXPERT? Yes! EXPLORE the Multiverse.


This new content comes with a new Identity. Find the one that belongs to you. PRO TIP: It’s not something you have to BECOME; it’s already in you. The VERBS of Doing and Being / SUPERPOWER.


My CONTENT Ethos is Educate, Engage, Entertain, and Empower. If YOU think about the verbs to those energies – are you teaching, coaching, creating, making, demonstrating, speaking, performing, writing, building, Podcasting, Broadcasting? What is your SUPERPOWER? What are you DOING? And then what are you BEING – that is the NEW Identity you are stepping into.


The VERBS of DOING and BEING
This is not about HOW YOU LOOK or the title or the noun, what are you DOING… PRO TIP: You’re already doing it! Now you have to VALUE it and MONETIZE it. Because IF you are DOING it then you are ABSOLUTELY BEING IT; but if you’re just talking about it, then you’re just getting clarity. DOING anything involves certainty and conviction – that’s CLARITY.


Manifestation is Confirm, Declare, Demonstrate, Embody – there is not a clearer path to becoming.


What products do you want to create?
8 PRODUCTS -
1: Speaker content: Event Keynote AB
2: Coaching tracks: LIVE broadcast/Coaching
3: Physical products: Merch
4: Workshop INP 1-3 day
5: ebook/Templates/Guides/PDFs: Auxilliary + Bonus
6: A video library or Online
7: Podcast
8: Audio files/MP4: Audio books.




Are you creating a PERSONAL BRAND or Personally connecting a Brand


In 2001 I could not call my business Sue Bryce.


1: Imposter Syndrome
2: No self value
3: I couldn’t sell it.


The Purpose is always YOU.


NAME the BABY: Are you building a brand around you? Are you building a brand to sell? Does the brand you currently have support this new product? YOU DON’T HAVE TO REBRAND. Just reword it; start to shift the language.
Claim the IDENTITY




Write your 3x3 
3 Lines 
WHO am I | WHAT do I DO | For WHO. 
I’m Sue Bryce a photographer, speaker, and educator 
I teach Business, Content Curation and Self Development,
I connect people to their true path and their self value. 




HOMEWORK 
What do you feel the most called to create? 
What is your superpower? 
What are you doing when you are in your flow? 
How do you want to star in your brand? 
Which would you choose if you were the most confident? 
How do you love to create – film, record, write, or design? 
How do you love to share – film, record, write, or design? 


What’s your preferred mode of expression? 
A. Capturing moments through visuals B. Communicating through spoken words C. Mixing both for a powerful impact.


What’s your BRAND STORY? 
What is your BRAND MISSION? Why? That’s a story. 
What is your Promise? That’s a story. 
What is your Invitation? That’s a story. 
What is your offer of VALUE? That’s a story. 
Why are you doing this? That’s a story. 
How did you BUILD this? That’s a story. 
How did you MASTER this? That’s a story. 
What problem do you solve? That’s a story.


DONT MAKE PRODUCTS FOR PEOPLE. Make products FOR YOU that you love.