==== Start of Transcript: 18 Daily Ritual ====

So a daily ritual to sell value is going to be so different for every one of us. Because every value, every goal, every desire, and every area of our lives is completely uniquely different. And none of us are going to be the same. So this is my daily ritual. When I wake up in the morning, there are no emails and no social media.

Why? Because when you click an email, someone needs something from you. When you click that voice message, someone is asking for something from you. When you click on that social media, somebody is asking for your time. And you do not give that time away.

You do not give that time away to Facebook. You do not give that time away to your clients until you have processed yourself this morning. The only thing that can interrupt your personal needs is family needs only. That's a priority. Then I know that I'm here.

I'm a gardener. I'm here to do some gardening. I'm gonna weed out some old weeds and I'm gonna grow some beautiful new dreams. I'm not an architect. I grow.

I don't build. I nurture myself, and I grow what I want. You don't fix a garden. You love it. To get to alignment, that mind, my thoughts, that emotion, my feelings, that heart connection, that focus to show up.

If you cannot come into alignment, it's simply because you're stuck in thoughts and and it's stopping that momentum just taken for a spin. Every day, you can wake up and say, I choose to believe. And nothing that my thoughts and emotions and fear is saying in my car today because I choose to believe and to believe is in the vehicle with me right now. Some people meditate. Some people journal.

They do the mind work. Some people walk, but what you need to do every morning is deal with your emotional needs as priority 1. Goal is emotional mastery, clear away all feelings, blocks that hold us in a negative focus, its thought work, and hard work. Meditation is good because it can bring you into the present moment. It can send to you, Reiki, also good, simply sitting somewhere and being quiet and listening to your own thoughts and feelings.

Be peaceful, observe them, sit with them, their children. Have some compassion. Waking up with emotions. From the past is horrific. It's gonna hold you in a state of suffering.

But creating a new day doing what you have always wanted to do is exciting. So you can journal for clarity for your dreams, your ideas, your goals, your brain dumps, to express your emotion, do your mind work every day, notepad, and a mirror. A mirror to see the reflection in me, the connection to me, and to the situation from above. Why am I saying this? Why am I saying this?

Why am I doing this? And why am I saying this? Take T and E for a for a spin. Acceptance, return to love for yourself, for the world, and be at peace. Remember, you never have to let go of the past.

It's not possible. It made you what you are today. It can only you can only let it be in the past. Stop focusing on it because you when you focus on it, it's just gonna keep getting bigger. Return to love.

You know to me that it be was weak. I didn't even like, let it be. Because I felt this real need to just have some strong boundaries with this old story and this old trauma. So for me, protect the castle was way more powerful. Protect the castle means that self hate does not get to come inside, not to my children, not to my life.

Protect your castle. It's outside of you. You let it in. I read a bumper sticker the other day that said, worrying. Is praying for what you don't want.

At full power. Right? Full power. So if you get excited about your future every morning because you're creating it here, at that morning moment, you are setting your morning intention and your power, you will not understand the power of that simple sentence until you start really creating with intention and focus. And the future that you want, that future that you dream about just starts to show up in front of your eyes.

Obsessing about the past when you cannot let go of it, all obsessing comes from rejection. You hold that rejection like scar tissue. Okay? And then you just attach stories to it. Love yourself by doing for yourself.

Because you are number 1. Okay? And when you are number 1, you have the drive to be successful because you're actually doing it for you. I believe you have to see yourself as more in order to get more. So for me, this is more about self value than manifestation.

The world is responding to my emotions. That means your emotional state and your ability to nurture it and care for it and process it is vital, and you must protect it with self care and boundaries. My understanding and experience has been the more I focused on clearing my space, my emotional space, and aligning with my work doing what I truly wanted to do every day in a positive focus changes so significantly, my money, my business, my health, my body connection, my self love, and so many people are disconnected from their own bodies, from their own dreams, and I had to fight to get back to that to a full love focus for myself, my evidence, any focus you hold with emotion attached to it, in the positive and the negative is coming to fruition. Now that you know this, you will become as successful as the amount of pain you are willing to endure you will not endure pain anymore because you're just going to accept the growth and step up into it. The truth is you will proportion to the level of joy you allow in the exchange I found instant power and emotional mastery, instant, being able to shift my mind focus and emotion from what I don't want to what I do want, make no mistake about it.

Self value work is hard. You're gonna chop it down, like Terry says with body image. You peel it back like an onion one at a time, and you find out something else. This is mirror work. This is always about you.

The worst part about it about it is you are literally the poison, and you have to see yourself as the poison before you can be the antidote, and that is hard. The first talk you have ever have to have to grow is with yourself. And trust me, you won't like it. But until you come to full acceptance and take back ownership of all these areas of your life, what you are doing and where you are currently right now, where you are at currently right now until you rewrite that old story, and learn a new way to perceive and present yourself to the world, it will continue to disempower you. The longer you stay in any focus the faster you attract in their energy, Learning that was enough to snap me out of a negative focus.

I know the power of my words, and I know the power of my mind. And if I got stuck in a negative focus, I would say to myself, you're attracting this and it's coming fast because you have certainty, you have conviction, and girlfriend, you are really aligned negatively right now. And as soon as I saw it, I'm just like, I'm not even gonna think I'm not gonna go there. I don't wanna gossip. I don't wanna nope.

I only have time to make my life incredible. You've gotta watch your own pattern. You created it. You've gotta observe yourself until you realize that you have complete control over how you are responding to everything. Make your daily practice self awareness, self acceptance, self value, and then every day and everything you do, those 3.

Give value, speak value, be valuable, and watch your life change. The tremendous game changing transformation that is open to each of us is understanding and rewriting our greatest shame. It's all it is. It's your greatest shame, weakness, failure of character, the parts we most hate about ourselves, and bring them into the light and learn to love and value ourselves learned to accept that we're okay. The world is reflecting back your emotions, imagine when it reflects back your value, right?

I found no barrier to my success. This path I walked with no education and self hate, I found no barrier to success that was not created by me in my own brain. I suffered deep shame about being uneducated, and I built an education company. I empowered my shame to value. I will teach this for the rest of my life because I so deeply needed to learn this myself.

It's about deeper relationships, radical self acceptance, body worship, and pure unadulterated self love. I decided what I really wanted, and I declared it, and then I focused on it every single day. And I did it with a soul that was just filled with enthusiasm to learn and a heart full of service to give. And every time I would go back to fear, and avoidance. I remembered my declaration, and I honored myself because the antonym to shame is honor.

It's to honor yourself. Why did you write this workshop, subrice? Because when I was thirty years old, I needed this workshop. I dreamed about it. And then I did the work 20 years later.

I choose to believe that this poor little uneducated girl from South Auckland has a whole lot to offer the world. Because I chose to believe. What? So now we are going to flip all 18 of these talks into verticals and we are going to deep dive the next steps in all of them. Thank you.


==== End of Transcript: 18 Daily Ritual ====