==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 05 - Self-Perception ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. I'm Nikki Closer. I am your host of the deep dives self value, and I have with me as always, Sue Bryce. How are you today, Sue?

Sue Bryce | Hi. I'm great. Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | So today, we have self perception, which is video 5, and we're gonna just dive a little bit deeper and I wanted to start because there's something that you often ask people, which is what do you want? And it's interesting to watch you do this. I've seen you do it a million times. Where you ask and you listen, but there's something, like, really intuitive about the way you can feel their response It's really remarkable.

Sue Bryce | I feel like words are energy. Words are powerful. I know they're powerful when it comes to creating anything. I know the between when I was stuck in my life and all my areas and when I was free in all of my areas, how I was speaking. And, you know, a really big part of coming into awareness as you work through this work is that you're going to learn, you're the poison, you're the antidote, but you're the one speaking it, seeing it, being it, doing it.

Sue Bryce | Right? And so what happens is when we speak anything, we speak limits all the time, We speak limits in everything we do in our response. We even speak limits when we look at somebody else that's successful. And we say something like, oh, that might be nice or that must be nice. That's just the limit that you can't have this.

Sue Bryce | So I feel like we're constantly speaking our truth into existence, whether it's negative or positive. And when you ask people what they want, when people are focused on themselves, on their goals, on their dreams, on their on growing a business, or growing themselves, they will instantly go to that and say, oh, right now I'm working on this or I'm working on myself or I want this or I want this change or I want this growth. But When people are unsure, you can just hear it and feel it in their response. When people want something and they'll tell you they're walking the path, but you can tell that they're not actually walking the path yet. You can hear it and feel it and see it and the confidence in their body.

Sue Bryce | And if they tell you something they really want, you actually see the energy light up. Like, so I feel people around those, specific answers because I get everything I need to know in about 10 seconds, even just the way you respond energetically to that question. Does it excite you? Does it make you go, oh, You know? And so, yeah, I feel like it's intuitive, very much intuitive, but people don't also realize how easy they are to read around the synergy.

Nikki Closser | Right? Well, yeah. And I've people have said all the time, like, Sue, you've changed my So you've changed my life. And I've said that to you even. You're like, no.

Nikki Closser | I didn't. You Well,

Sue Bryce | I changed my life. I definitely did that. You changed your life.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | I definitely told you my story and you started walking that path. I don't wanna be responsible for changing your life because I don't think I do. I definitely like to change people's course, though. I always wanna change people's path.

Nikki Closser | Yes. That's exactly that's what it's it's like You're a path changer.

Sue Bryce | You know what, though, Nikki? This is the thing. I've always said in all my teachings, you're on the right freeway. Just in the wrong lane. Sometimes it's you're never in the wrong place.

Sue Bryce | You're just idle or stuck or trying to get back into that free lane. Freeway, you know, and it's fast. You just don't know how to you just don't know how to zip in at that point. But the truth is is the more I've taught this work, the more I've come to this absolute understanding, and it's not the wrong lane. All of this is about getting into alignment, getting into alignment with what you want, getting into alignment with the life you wanna build, getting into alignment with the body you wanna have.

Sue Bryce | With the health you wanna have, with the lifestyle you wanna have, with the family you wanna have, with the work you wanna have, the career you wanna build all about getting into alignment in every single area of your life. So I don't believe anybody is in the wrong lane. I believe you're just out of alignment. So every single day, once you work out who you are and what you really want and you start to unfold that, your goal is to get to alignment. So I'm no longer gonna no longer gonna say you're on the right freeway.

Sue Bryce | The goal is every single day is not to stay in your lane. It's to stay in your flow. It's to stay in your alignment. To find out what you want, start walking towards it, and then every day, you're gonna wake up and stay in that flow. That's staying in your lane.

Sue Bryce | It's staying in your flow. And as soon as you feel flow, as soon as you are creating you've got thought, you've got excitement, you're in alignment with your heart energy, your focus is showing up every single day. You get evidence. And before long, you are creating, which is the next segment, which I get very excited about. But, yeah, right now, in this moment, That's where you're working from.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Well, you said unfold, and I know that so many of of our students are they're just discovering this. You know, so many That

Sue Bryce | they don't know what they want.

Nikki Closser | A lot of people say that when you ask that question. I don't know what I want.

Sue Bryce | I've gotta say there's two people here real distinctly, and and you decide who you were. I know who I was. I have always known what I wanted because I'm a big dreamer and I walk that multiverse. I walk every multiverse path until I find the one that's gonna most light me up. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But here's the thing. I was someone that didn't know how to get unstuck. I knew what I wanted but I didn't know how to get unstuck, and that made me frustrated and a very annoying person to be around. But the people who don't know what they want, have literally spent too much time pleasing everybody else. Now I was also a people pleaser So I understood that, but I still was a people pleaser that knew what they wanted.

Sue Bryce | So if you haven't worked out your needs and what you want, you're gonna unfold that over time, and it might take a long time. But the cool part is is you can start exploring in your mind. Who am I? So I gotta ask a couple of questions. They say when you're alone, you're the most truest version of yourself.

Sue Bryce | So who are you when you're alone? And when you're alone, do you like the company you keep, or do you seek companies so that you're not alone? Maybe when you're alone, you don't know how to fill that space because you don't know who you are and you don't know what you want, So maybe when you're alone, you go to all your avoidance behaviors. You know, the shameful behaviors that you hide when you avoid because you're avoiding being alone or you're avoiding being with yourself because when you're with yourself, you're alone. You don't like your company.

Sue Bryce | You don't like your hobbies. You don't like your home, you don't like your space, you don't like your career, it would be really easy to be alone in that moment and and think you were disconnected. You've got nothing and no one. And then if somebody doesn't give you love or attention that you needed it from, you would feel isolated and disconnected. So Why do we do this?

Sue Bryce | It's incredible. Why do we do this?

Nikki Closser | Yeah. And I I almost feel like part of this is it goes back to people pleasing as well. We're changing who we are when people are around us.

Sue Bryce | Okay. Women, especially, but I know guys do it too. Women guys can do it in a different way and I'll explain. Women, especially, are taught to always care for others to nurture others, to always put others first, and we become very natural people pleases. I've also heard guys say you know, that their relationship ended after 10 years, 20 years.

Sue Bryce | And the guy has said to me, I built a perfect life, a perfect time and a perfect life. And and I said to the all of them for you, was it perfect for her? And they were like, you know, you can get out of alignment really, really quickly with yourself, but most of us don't actually know what we want. Or if we do if we do have an idea of what we want, it can show up as envy, which we talked about last time, you know, because envy gets in the way. It's right up there with sort of suffering.

Sue Bryce | It's that I can't have this instead of seeing it and making a goal list. So when you don't know what you want, you really have to ask who am I? I think the bigger question, right, is who am I? We lose sight of who we are Now you're not here to find yourself. You're not lost.

Sue Bryce | You're here to create yourself. And if you look at it like that, this is creation. This work is creation. What do you want to create for yourself right now? That's the question.

Sue Bryce | Now that you are gonna be alone, if I was to be alone, right? Okay. I don't know how you spend your I do know how you spend your alone time, but when I if if my husband said I need to go away this weekend, being alone for me is joyful. But I was someone that could not be alone until I was in my thirties. I was terrified of being alone.

Sue Bryce | I didn't know why I didn't like who I was. I just didn't exist in a space on my own. So that's how you unfold. You just spend some time alone, you know, just a couple of days. You really search yourself.

Sue Bryce | Ask yourself. How do I wanna fill my time? Do I love where I live? Do I love spending time in my body? Am I spending time with myself in avoidance?

Sue Bryce | Because if you are, you're disconnected from your own self. Body connection is vital to getting connected to your body and your life is everything. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | What about, you know, you talk a lot about the car and the analogy of the car? For as far as self perception, who's who's kind of in the car with us that's sabotaging us.

Sue Bryce | So what is self perception? It's this idea that you can see yourself reflected back and all the people around you, but that's mirroring behavior and that's happening all of the time. Yeah. So I guess if the people around you are mirroring back something positive, you're good. You're in a positive place.

Sue Bryce | They're mirroring back love and acceptance to you. Right? You're seeing it back. Self perception is really only comes up when you go to do something. Start something, change something.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Learn something. And all of a sudden, who am I in the room is important again. Like if you're always with family and friends, they know who you are. You don't have to think about how you look, how you're standing, how speaking, what you're saying, what your face looks like.

Sue Bryce | Suddenly, the awareness of self comes back. Self perception would be the story that you've made up about yourself, that you're now allowing yourself, and self perception will stop you from making plans or goals, right, because if you say I really want this and your first emotional response to that is that's big and scary, or that might know you might fail and then your thoughts come back to I'm never going to start be able to do this. You can see that self doubt is the first thing that's gonna come into the car. Self doubt out. Self doubt is a narcissist.

Sue Bryce | Keep saying it. Because the next time you feel self doubt, like, I'm gonna go to a networking meeting or I'm gonna go on a 1st date or I'm gonna go on an interview The second you hear the voice of self doubt in your car, stop the car immediately you're not going to get this job, this date, this interview because your narcissist has now made it all about you. If you could only learn in this moment that if that narcissist just stop talking for a minute and let that person sit in front of this person fully themselves in a place of self acceptance and instead think, how do I bring value to this moment? How do I bring value to this interview? How do I bring value to this dinner?

Sue Bryce | How do I bring value to this business owner who I now wanna work with? And we make it about ourselves. And when you do that, I say your your, your transmitting, right, You go into a room transmitting, but when you need, that's receiving, and no business comes from a place of transmitting. All businesses come from a place of giving something in receiving an equal exchange. So self doubts gotta go.

Sue Bryce | Your self perception can never come through self doubt. And how I break self doubt is I call self doubt a narcissist. And if you do that, you'll stop being a narcissist in that moment because nobody wants to be narcissist self doubt out. I believe fear has this way of speaking the ego up when it needs to survive. Like, fears the one that sits in the back seat going, you're better than them.

Sue Bryce | Like they're successful, but you're better. And that fear ego, that big inflated ego, that just comes up when it doesn't know how to survive. The ego just wants to survive So, you know, your inflated ego can come into the car, but I don't assign the inflated ego to anybody other than fear. Because I think fear is the only one that would inflate my ego enough to make me feel grandiose or weird. So You're always gonna fight your own idea of what people think of you, but the crazy part is is when you walk into a room and people look at you, you see people look at you and you look at them looking at you.

Sue Bryce | You've already decided what they think about you. When you're confident, you've decided that you're worth standing in that room and that you're someone that they'll wanna meet. When you're not, you've already made up a narrative. There's already They look at you and you've already decided this story. That is a self fulfilling prophecy.

Sue Bryce | In that moment, but it's not. It's just pure energy. Whatever energy you walk into that room, that's what you're going to see did back at you. So consider walking into that room, calm, filled with self value, knowing that you are emotionally evolved enough to carry any conversation in this room. You're not below anyone, you're not above anyone, you're just owning your own space and here to give and meet people in Liza.

Sue Bryce | That's a powerful energy. Most people are not walking into the room like that.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. It's so powerful. I remember, you know, when you were teaching a ton of photographers and people would say, I can't it can't even come out of my mouth. I'm a photographer, you know, when they switch careers, or, like, when I started real my real estate investment investment business, it was hard for me to say, I'm a real estate investor. It was the stupid thing.

Sue Bryce | Because I remember you going through the same thing when you had tell people you were self employed and then the same, well, first, you had to tell people you're a photographer. Then you had to tell people you were self employed. And then, you know, 7 years later, you're telling people you now have a real estate investment. Same thing, glass ceiling. Right?

Sue Bryce | We just keep growing in our self perception. So that tells me that even though what is the artist's way, it's you go around the mountain and you see the same view, but from a different altitude, So this time, you see the same view and you go, oh, I've been here before. Mhmm. The irony is the first time you called me and talked about it for a long time, The second time you went through it, you didn't call me and talk about it. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Once you've learned this, you know yourself, you trust yourself, Okay. So for those that are just building that self perception up again, to that place of creation, You have betrayed yourself more than anybody else on this planet. You have promised yourself things and not followed through. You have suffered and desired things, but not not honored your path or your wants or your desires. So now this is about unfolding your truest desires and then really allowing your out to have them.

Sue Bryce | You know, we're done with living that sort of fake life where you think you're doing the right thing for yourself but you're not doing the right thing. You're doing the right thing for everybody else. Now it's time to really light ourselves up. Like, what is it that's going to light me up? What's gonna make me fall in love with my day so that when my eyes are open in the morning, my feet wanna touch the ground, because life is just worth living.

Sue Bryce | It's exciting and it's thrilling, and I am creating everything I wanna create in my world.

Nikki Closser | Okay. I can hear people saying this because I said it too, but how? Like, I can have this dream of what I want, but how do I get there? You know? That's

Sue Bryce | Every single day, your goal is to wake up and just listen to the voices in your car and just listen to what they're focused on. If they're focused on drama, you are not going to get your dreams today. If they are focused on problems, you are not going to get your dreams today. If they are stuck in the loop, the rat will of thought and emotion and you can't break out of it, you are not going to get your dreams today. If you have an obsessive mind, which means rejection is now involved in some way, That means you've 10 x that emotion.

Sue Bryce | Your dreams are not going to happen today. And unfortunately, you're gonna go to what the problem is, what the drama is, who the drama is, what's going on, and those things are not the problem. The problem is the way that you've connected to the men are responding to them. So in order to get you there, I have break you out of that, but we can't grow past our emotional response to anything. So any area that makes you feel uneasy, makes you feel like you need to go to avoidance, anything that brings you fear, anything that makes you feel rejected or anything that that is gonna instantly pop you back into a loop.

Sue Bryce | And that's when you've gotta wake up every day and process that emotion first. So before you create any big dreams, you first have to clear the space in front of you, the space you're waking up to every day. And if you're waking up focused on all these other things like avoidance and suffering, It's because you're focused on what you can't have

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Instead of focusing on what you can create. So, yeah, you're stuck. And a stuck mind is very resistant. It's kind of like when people say, yeah, but Yeah, but but I can't. Yes.

Sue Bryce | I mean, you've just gotta get to a point where you're saying if you say so. If you say so, I can't because if you say so, and then you have to let people move at their own time because what What you do is what I do, what everyone will do, sorry, not you, Nikki, but what you will do out there is you will start to try and move everybody around you. Because the second you start moving, you want everybody else to move and everybody must move in their own time. And I always say, let every soul walk its own path. It's one of the hardest things to do.

Sue Bryce | Let every soul walk its own path. Everybody gets there eventually, and it's not your job to push anybody over the finish line or even carry anybody over the finish line. So, you know, it just has people have to be ready, but you gotta clear all the drama first. And the weird thing is is drama is avoidance. And so the drama and even the, like, habit around the drama and the habit around the problem focus, it's actually part of you right now.

Sue Bryce | You might have to break that the way you would break, you know, a pattern around drugs or alcohol or food. Or spending.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Breaking the habit of being stuck in drama, being at the center of everybody's most important things. And you think it's not you. You think it's not you, but I'm telling you right now, if you're I don't wake up, involved in drama. There's no drama in my life. There used to be a ton of drama.

Sue Bryce | You're at the center of it. And you've got to get out of it. You've got to stop focusing on this drama and you've got to start focusing on you. So I always say problem focused and trauma focused. Problem focused is a poor me.

Sue Bryce | I can't get out of this. You need some help to break that old mentality, and that drama focus is stuck, stuck, like, it's screaming, dramatic three year old, causing competition and drama all around you, and you're at the center of it, and you really have to be okay with that and let that go. Cause that's one of the hardest parts, then you can really clear that space and start moving.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. I think it's important too for people to really pay attention to that when you're responding to a certain situation or someone asks you a question, pay attention how you're responding. Is it negative? Is it drama? Is it gossip?

Nikki Closser | Is it Eventually, you'll start to see your pattern of, like, okay.

Sue Bryce | Wow. Saying something but thinking something else.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Like, I had a I had a friend that we used to connect with drama, and it and it's a very close connection point for people in drama, by the way. Very accepted, very especially when you're playing alliances. Because it's like, oh, they've chosen me, right? You're the best Alliance. You can see how people do this all that time.

Sue Bryce | Just get sucked into drama and how important it is. And and how much, but it is one of the most damaging energies you can spend time. And it's no different than any other avoidance behavior. Yeah. No different than smoking, drinking.

Sue Bryce | It's no different than any of those in excess. It just becomes a habit. And then it becomes part of who you are like a personality flaw. And this is not who you are getting stuck in everybody else's drama, It's it's it's so wrong and stop it right now. So I had a friend that always used to gossip, and that's how we connected.

Sue Bryce | This friend also was one of those friends that would get very upset with me for certain things. Like, I would feel bad. And for days and sometimes weeks, And so I realized when we gossip it brought us back together as, like, whatever she was upset about, that was Alright. How bad that energy was when I started to grow past it and saw her behavior, then I saw my behavior. I didn't take responsibility for her behavior because it's not my business.

Sue Bryce | My business is my behavior. I would still gossip with her because I needed, obviously, for her to like me, but then I would leave and I would feel sick. Like, physically, like, butterflies sick. And one day, I don't know why I did this. I just kind of bolds up, and I called her afterwards I'd been at her house.

Sue Bryce | And I said, I feel really bad about our conversation. And she was like, oh, why? And I said, because I don't wanna speak about people that way. And, she didn't talk to me for 3 months. And then, I realized I was just at a work event one day and a speaker got up and said, you know, people who are successful in life talk about goals and dreams and people who are not successful talk about people.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And I I just went Okay. So I'm only gonna talk about people if it's about their goals and dreams and if it's about making them better people. That was my promise to myself back then. And I would have been about twenty eight years old. And now I don't want any gossip in my life.

Sue Bryce | I don't want that nastiness that energy. I don't do drama focus, and I don't do problem focus. So, yes, if you are there, I'm and it's hard because when you first start, you're gonna tell me it's not you, and it is definitely you. It's always you.

Nikki Closser | It's always you. Something you talked about in the self value work shop during this segment is about changing your self perception with, I believe, and kind of reframing the old story. I feel like the story of that.

Sue Bryce | And I definitely pulled that together, in the self value car, but I started with, I believe. And the thing is is like I said, if you believe you're worth it and you set that goal and then you achieve that goal, then you can say, I believe I did my best and you truly can because when you do do your best, you see ever So that's what breaks it. It's not saying I believe, and it's you don't say I believe as a positive affirmation. It's more like you're countering self hate in that moment. You're literally saying, I choose to believe that I did a good job, not a bad job.

Sue Bryce | You know, I'm challenging the voice in my head. I'm challenging my thoughts and my emotions, and I'm saying, no, I choose I don't believe this anymore. I choose to believe that I did my best. I choose to believe that if I keep doing this, I'm gonna get more evidence. I choose to believe, and that's when I started to pull those that I showed my, mastery today, that I freed somebody today, that I changed somebody's path today, that I, you know, connected my joy today.

Sue Bryce | And the more I keep saying it, the more I just got away from self hate, and I just started to run towards. So I do believe that you can change the way you see yourself by just one small goal. I believe I'm worth it. Said it. I believe I did my best.

Sue Bryce | Keep doing that until you keep doing your best until you see evidence that you have achieved it. Then I believe I did my best. And I believe I see evidence that this is working and then keep doing it with value, and then it's I believe I'm seeing value reflected back at me. And the how fast that happens is how fast you can hold a focus of joy and value in your life. So tomorrow, yes, if you can hold a focus of joy, it will start tomorrow.

Sue Bryce | If you can hold a focus of joy right now, it can start now. It's not linear. There's nothing to work through to get to a place of this joy. That alignment is available to you every morning. Guess what?

Sue Bryce | You wake up in alignment. You open those little papers. You think about your day and whatever that day thought comes up, another thought comes up. And the next thought might be, I'm not excited about that. Or Oh, I didn't get enough sleep, and I'm not rested because I don't have any self care boundaries, and I give away All of my energy to people, and now I don't even have the energy to step out of this bed right now and give give give give to others.

Sue Bryce | If you don't make yourself that first priority and that first alignment, how can you fill anybody's cup? So in that moment right there, you're already in alignment In order to bring back a bad story, a sad story, something you don't wanna remember, you have to go back in your thoughts. Grab hold of it, spend 90 seconds in a motion there, and then attach it to the next narrative and the next narrative, which is today, my dreams won't be met. My needs won't be met. So you can talk this up in your self deception.

Sue Bryce | Even if it's today, I think I'm worth it.

Nikki Closser | It becomes practice. It really is. It's Mhmm. It's you you have to practice it. Practice it just like anything.

Nikki Closser | And eventually, It becomes the normal of how you speak to yourself.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. It's remarkable. Nikki, you actually forget. Mhmm. You forget that you used to argue with me about this.

Sue Bryce | You forget who you were. Yeah. Because you're not that person anymore, not inside. You're just not. You are a different human being, and that's what they say.

Sue Bryce | You vibrate differently. And you attract different people and different things you truly do. And if you could remember the way you were, it would be so easy because Do you remember listening to a speaker say one moment you're trying to get clients and next minute you don't have to market anymore because cause your referrals and dripping in and then do you remember hearing that and thinking not possible? Oh, that's possible. Because the self perception is always learning, always discovering, always becoming something new.

Sue Bryce | It's also getting new personas and new avoidance behaviors, and learning new, people pleasing ways around people. I think the biggest insight around this area of this content for people is they're finding out how much of a people pleaser they are. But what people are really telling me, which is kind of blowing me away is they're all taking responsibility for it. Like, Instead of being like I've been such a people pleaser, for these reasons or for these people, people have actually been saying to me, I've worked out I people please hear, hear, and hear, and I get something in return. Yes.

Sue Bryce | They're all seeing

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | The energy with which they giving overgiving themselves to get a feeling of importance or a feeling of love or just to be seen and they're giving away themselves. They're giving away themselves. You know, how does it feel when you prioritize everyone else's needs and not your own. You just feel taken for granted. You feel resentful.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. The people who take You're giving it. You're giving it away, and you resent them. And the best part is these are your friends your your partners, your spouse, your children. So you know, I believe this narrative for the last 100 years has been the mother, the mother, the mother gives the mother, the mother, the mother over nurtures the mother, but may the mother is stuck in resentment.

Sue Bryce | Maybe mom is overgiving, not giving to herself, and doing some really negative, horrible stuff, inside her own head to herself and then inevitably everyone's she's nurturing. So don't get stuck in these lies. They're just lies. We tell our self lies, I have to please these people. No.

Sue Bryce | You don't. You have to be a whole, loving, human being. And when you don't walk your soul path when you don't say the things you wanna say and be the person you wanna be and do the things you wanna be, you feel like a fraud you feel like a liar, and it's very hard to be emotionally honest with anybody because your needs don't even matter. They don't matter enough to set a boundary. Now this is what we call low self worth, low self esteem.

Sue Bryce | I lived here. For, like, the 1st 35 years of my life, I lived there and that people pleasing always trying to be a good girl to somebody so that they'd like me, so I was acceptable. Never pleased myself. Never asked myself what I wanted. Never spent time alone building me my dreams.

Sue Bryce | So it is actually the most exciting time to fall in love with yourself and actually discover that you're in control. And it's also horrible when you start to peel back the mirror layers and realize that you have been responsible for this behavior for such a long time. And you're in the way. Get out of the way. You're in your own way.

Nikki Closser | Don't you think it's also at least it's my it's my experience that it's very empowering. When I know that it's me, I know that I'm the one who can change it. I don't need to rely on someone else to do

Sue Bryce | it for me. Now it is. Like, now when I'm still confronted by my own behavior, sure, and I wake up, and I'm like, oh, that was all me. And there might be a wave of shame you know, and and it's usually a wave of shame I can apologize for. And I bring that to the light, you know, If I have an argument or something that I feel shameful, I'm okay with saying to my partner, I felt a little bit of shame.

Sue Bryce | That actually triggered me because it triggered some shame that I carry. So, you know, it's okay to speak it out, then it's done, and it's kinda clear. But, you know, there's there's shameful behavior. That's the bits we don't like about ourselves, that we don't wanna acknowledge, that we certainly don't wanna laugh, but Everybody does this. And once you learn that everybody does this, those stupid little shames, you can just bring them into the light, go on to a winner.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So then reframing. Reframing our old story. How? How do we

Sue Bryce | bring that into this? Being the narrative that you've already created in your self perception. Right? So, you're gonna hear a lot about how powerful words are and seeing saying it, doing it, being it, because I think mirror, learning mirror behavior is transformative. I think it's the single most transformative thing you can actually learn is seeing yourself reflected back in another human being.

Sue Bryce | That's the biggest one for me. The other one is the words you speak and how you speak them. So that's a full segment. Like, processing and boundaries for me is a full segment, but what I really, really really want you to focus on. You can reframe anything.

Sue Bryce | So any story that you hold is your poor me as your narrative, you can reframe that. Any story you have around your parents or whoever bought you up, you can reframe that story. And I'll just throw a couple out there because this is wide and varied. But when people say my parents were terrible or I had a mom that did this to me or I had I had this, this, and this, I can always bring it back to, I had social curators or parents that did not know how to love themselves, and they did not teach me how to love myself So I had to learn myself. Okay?

Sue Bryce | For me, it was, I had an incredible family unit but I had a lot of difficulty communicating love with my dad, and it turned into a whole lot of things that didn't have to be because we just weren't on the same page with how we showed communicated and received love together. So I got this idea and the story in my head that my father didn't love me. And it was so easy to create that narrative because I was just a child, and I didn't understand until I was older. So you can reframe anything, and it's the way you see it, the way you say it, how you feel about it. But just remember this.

Sue Bryce | If how you're saying it is a is a self fulfilling prophecy, If bringing back a memory from the past, re empowering the emotion around it brings back all of that emotion into your body, Remember, your brain thinks that that's happening today. So you're just re empowering old trauma or old stories in that moment. And all you have to do is reframe that story, and that's when I say when you listen to my thoughts and my feelings. And you think something in my feelings responds to my thoughts, you just need to get between those two voices to stop the old story coming into the car. Because if you can get between thinking something and responding to it emotionally and then saying, Hey, that emotional response was not that bad.

Sue Bryce | We could absolutely do this. You know, like, you start to see that you're coaching those voices you're listening to them. You don't have to believe them. And I feel like once you get there, That is just practice because, again,

Nikki Closser | as

Sue Bryce | soon as you see evidence that what you want is coming to you and that it's working, you forget about old trauma stories. You don't bring them back. It's so good. Oh, they're still there, but they're gone. It's almost like they're gone for good.

Sue Bryce | Why? Because I wake up getting what I want every day instead of what I don't want every day. And guess what? Now I'm focused on what I want every day instead of being focused on what I don't want every day. And you understand how powerful you are because you are a master creator, and that takes us to the next video.

Sue Bryce | Gotta create it. Right? You've got to create what you want. So you've gotta get into alignment with who you are, what you want, you've got to clear all of those old dramas and old problems, and then you've got to unfold who you really are and what you wanna do with your day. And trust me, it's exciting when you get to create the new you.

Sue Bryce | You're not lost. Okay? So remember the freeway. You don't have to stay in your lane, stay in your flow. It's not a I think Stan, your lane, let's say you spent 8 years mastering your business as a photographer and mastering yourself as self employed And now you can't start a real estate business because there's somebody saying, stay in your lane.

Sue Bryce | Stay in your lane. Grow in your lane. But stay in your lane, and that is good advice when you start a business because you want people to stay in what they're good at and what they know and what they've marked We know that that works in business. Mhmm. But when you're unfolding yourself or you're looking at desire, There's no staying in your lane in the multiverse?

Sue Bryce | There's there's a 1,000,000,000 lanes all going in different directions. That's why it's a diverse because the future is unknown, and you're creating it in this moment. So how could it possibly be a freeway? It's stay in your flow. And the flow is what I want in alignment with myself every day or be in alignment with your should be in alignment with your children, being in alignment with your career, being in alignment with your physical body, you can align with every one of them being aligned with your money, being aligned with yourself growth being aligned with your self development, being aligned with your self care.

Sue Bryce | So it doesn't matter how you get into your alignment. Start with 1 and then fill every space. But, yes, this is where our self perception gets reframed. You reframe it and you start creating now a whole new path, not based on those old stories anymore.

Nikki Closser | Can I give an example?

Sue Bryce | That you Yes.

Nikki Closser | Did to me? Well, he didn't do this to me, but something we went through together. So you and I know that my superpowers as relationship building, following systems that are proven to work, And there was one time I decided I was gonna create something that was way outside of my superpowers. And you were kinda like, Nikki, I don't know if you should do that because it's not your, you know, your superpower and everything and but you let me do. You know, you were like, okay.

Nikki Closser | If you really want to, and I remember me being a super notorious. That I am. Yeah. I was like, no. I'm gonna do it.

Nikki Closser | And it's just so funny because in starting another business, in addition, you know, photography business, the real estate investing business, I stayed in my flow.

Sue Bryce | I stayed with my my connecting But if you stayed in your lane,

Nikki Closser | you wouldn't have started it. Yes. Exactly. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So so I Here's a thing. I teach people how to be self employed. I teach them how to monetize with value. Exactly. You can say I teach photographers, but I teach people business outside of photography.

Sue Bryce | So I just teach people how to be systemized, monetized, invaluable in their everyday life. Now I am a content creator. I've created content as a photographer for 33 years. And for the last 14 years, I've created content to teach photographers. Now my identity changed, right, because I was a photographer and then I became a teacher.

Sue Bryce | And a lot of people had a problem with that. I had a problem with that because I couldn't lose my identity as a photographer because people would freak out if I say, oh, you're gonna be a teacher now, and I'd be like, no. I'm teaching photographer. Fee in business. So, technically, I'm still a photographer, but that was me, right, holding on to the identity of who I was, But the thing is is I realized that teaching people about business gave me more joy than taking photographs, taking photographs was a catalyst, to what I was most joyful doing, and that was sitting with one human being, showing them their true beauty and the energy in which they perceive themselves because it's fascinating and holding that space for them to talk about self value for 33 years.

Sue Bryce | So yeah, when you go if I'd stayed in my lane, I wouldn't be teaching self value right now, but I don't believe you can teach people how to have business until you teach people what's self worth this? If you don't have self worth, you can't make goals. You don't have dreams. You don't grow. You certainly don't expand in any way or develop in any way shape or form and you don't get to money flow and you don't get to perfect health and you don't get to the love that you want and deserve in your life.

Sue Bryce | So, stay in your lane is so wrong. Stay in your lane. Grow in your lane. No. I say stay in your flow.

Sue Bryce | Grow that flow with value. Stay in your flow. Anything. Do you know what flow is flow is alignment. Alignment is joy.

Sue Bryce | Flow, let's talk about alignment one more time because I know it lights me up. See, I just say the word and I get the goosebumps because my cells know. My cells know this is true. So it's when you want something in your mind. I really wanna learn this and walk this career.

Sue Bryce | And your emotions respond not in a way that's gonna lock you in the pantry or get you you know, I can't leave the house because I'm paralyzed by fear. So you finally get past there, and your little heart just lights up. Because the heart really knows what it wants. It always knows. And the heart's just waiting for the head to give a permission to do it And then the heart's just like once you connect that real heart desire, you have magnetic energy.

Sue Bryce | If you go back to feelings now, you're going backwards on that loop. All you have to do now is show up every day, and that's focus. Focus is concurrency and consistency, and it's the next logical step It means I know this is working. I know I want this. I show up every single day.

Sue Bryce | Once you complete that 1st circle, you have clarity. When you have clarity, you have certainty and conviction. When you have certainty eviction, you have connection

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | To the heart Now cert clarity, certainty, and conviction with a connected heart is unstoppable. Next step up is the commitment you make to yourself to show up to that concurrency every single day is so joyful. I've got such full on goosebumps right now. It's so joyful. You cannot help but keep completing that wheel of alignment in the longer I stay in alignment, the more I attract other people in alignment, why?

Sue Bryce | Because this energy is magic. This energy is where you make money. It's where you grow. It's where you have peace of mind and love and there's no money pain and there's no In a dialogue, monologue, there's no resistance. It's just creation.

Sue Bryce | And We live in daily money pain, emotional pain, yesterday's pain. We gotta get out of our own heads and start living our lives. You know, you gotta okay. Self perception. If the idea that I'm the poison and I'm the antidote, then this is about me.

Sue Bryce | If the idea is I can live my life, my dreams, but I'm not because I'm too afraid or too stuck, then then clearly, I can look at the self perception. I can look through all these areas that are coming up, love, body, money, community, career, and I can see the belief that I have around all of these areas for myself. You upset this belief. It's not true. It's based on past evidence and stories and old stories and narratives and fear.

Sue Bryce | And my thoughts and my emotions chirping off there And this is not who you are. So I really want you to come back to the self perception of If this is all about me and what I think of me, then if I don't like me, I need to do more things that excite me that make me feel good, that I like doing, that make me feel proud that make me feel incredible, that make me feel connected to what I want in my dreams, and no, nobody is stopping you from having a better self perception. Nobody. You might think they are, but they're not. It's you.

Sue Bryce | It's always you. The story is you.

Nikki Closser | Thank you, Sue.

Sue Bryce | Change it.

Nikki Closser | Up next, we have create.

Sue Bryce | Let's go.

Nikki Closser | This is a great one too. Awesome. As always, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Nikki Closser | And we will see you for the next video.

Sue Bryce | Most welcome.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 05 - Self-Perception ====
