==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 02 - Identity ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome to self value, deep dives. I'm your host, Nikki Closser, and I have Sue Bryce with me in the hot seat. Hi, Sue.

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone. It's all about identity today.

Nikki Closser | The filter of my past. You know, this is one of my favorites and one of some of the most important work I've ever done in my life when it comes to self value and just creating a life I love, truly.

Sue Bryce | I did say in the first video, on stage that I don't wanna unpack your childhood because, you know, and I think we have to stay focused here because this is where all of our stories come from. This is where all of our trauma stories, our past stories. This is where our filter of our past is. So I feel like when we touch the subject, I've gotta remind people right from the beginning that your story is your identity until you shift it. So if you don't like the identity that you got, we're gonna reframe it, but don't get stuck in the story.

Sue Bryce | You get stuck in the story. And you're going back and re empowering an old memory. So I only wanna go back so that you understand where you came from and who you are now. I also feel like every single human being has a different relationship with their parents. You know, isn't it, like, all families are uniquely dysfunctional.

Sue Bryce | None of ours are the same. So what we've experienced in these units are so varied that we just wanna really look at them.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. You know, so much of what I felt like I deserved in went through the same thing. I think everyone does had something to do with the identity that I built throughout the messages I was receiving in my childhood. It it truly is once I could put my finger on that and understand it, the shifts oh, god. My life just change for the better.

Sue Bryce | It's amazing. Yours your parents or your social curators, because we're not, sometimes not raised by parents, sometimes grandparents, or an anti young or whoever. Whoever raised you gave you that first identity, and and that identity around that family is your perception of that family as you start to get older, and usually it's socioeconomic, you know, it might be about race. It might be about education or lack of education. So whatever your family had or didn't have, it will impact you in some way.

Sue Bryce | And that's your first identity. I feel like kids go out into the world and get their first identity and then they go out and get kind of judge They kind of move through a world that is like, who am I? And where do I belong? And who who likes me and who doesn't like me? They're just learning about themselves.

Sue Bryce | When they become teenagers, they're pushing back on that identity. They're just constantly pushing back because that's mom and dad's identity. That's it's the words you inherited, the belief systems you were taught and and and basically It was everything the way you were raised by these people gave you all of that identity. So sometimes we look at our family and say, but they're not good enough or they're not treated certain way or like for me, I used to wonder why my parents didn't have nice things because they deserved nice things. I felt like they were like, they should have a nice house and go to trips to Disneyland overseas and stuff like that, but I didn't understand it was their money limits.

Sue Bryce | So I grew up. My identity is formed around their beliefs and their limits first. So of course, you don't understand them. They're not yours. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And then you can remember everything from them, their emotional patterns, like everything that they do, their addictions, like, or their avoidance, and those are learned behaviors. So you spend your whole time wondering who your parents are, and you spend your whole time wondering who you are. Until you find your identity in, you're gonna create many of them as you grow up.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. I remember I used to ask my mom And I I will say I I know my mom was doing the very best that she could. She truly was with what she was working with. And I remember asking her to drive me around to look at all the, like, mansions in the big houses because we lived in an affluent area, but we had probably one of the smallest houses in our city. And I remember wanting to just drive around because I loved looking at the big houses.

Nikki Closser | I wasn't thinking, oh, we don't have that or whatever. And she told me later in life that made feel badly. And part of me is like, man, mom, why didn't you say which one are you gonna have? You know, which house is is gonna be yours when you're older, but I wasn't made to feel like could have that. Because she couldn't make sense?

Sue Bryce | She didn't believe she could have that. So what she was doing was driving you around and showing you were showing her a life she couldn't give you. You know, and and the life that she couldn't get for herself, she couldn't create that for herself, but you didn't. And that's it right there that moment. I was a boojie kid.

Sue Bryce | I say that from the stage, I was a boojie kid. My parents said that it made my mum said, you know, that I was somebody that asked for things when I was little and expected them. I just didn't understand why I couldn't have things that other people had. So that first identity I feel like is what answers the question that everybody said to me. Because the first thing I said when I got up there is you're allowed to financially exceed your parents.

Sue Bryce | And you are allowed to spiritually exceed them and emotionally exceed them. Because you're growing up and you're learning, and you're becoming and you're creating this life. So it stands to reason that whatever identity that you really take in your adult life means that you are going to become more, and it's okay to be more than the person that raised you. And I feel like we stop because first, they have control over us. Like, emotionally, they have control over us.

Sue Bryce | They know how to push our buttons. They know how to, you know, make us upset, make us happy. These people know us very, very well in that sense. So they know how to interact within their limits, but as you get older, you find your own. And sometimes you look back, and I realized my parents never got to financial freedom.

Sue Bryce | I wish they had. They had it. It wasn't their focus. It wasn't important to them. But I had to because I wanted to break the poverty cycle in my family for my future children, nieces, and nephews, but because I didn't wanna be poor.

Sue Bryce | I don't wanna struggle. I don't wanna die. I I wanna die with options. I wanna retire with options and live with options and So me wanting more money is gonna push me away from my tribe straight away, and I struggled with that. I do say I moved overseas.

Sue Bryce | That might have helped to get me away from my money energy around my family because if I truly have adopted their money energy, I will only find my own when I remove myself from that daily energy, and it really did change. I say that you can exceed your parents because I don't want I know that you inherited the good things about your parents. I also know you inherited their limits. So if your parents have a limit around education or money or their physical bodies or health, You have to smash the old programming that you were given, that identity around their thing. Forgive them for their limits.

Sue Bryce | And break through their limits to be more. So I looked at it like this. With the money that I was freeing myself, I could go back to my family and instead of give them money because that just disempowers people. I could teach them about money if they were interested or ask me about it. Some of them did, and I was able to teach them.

Sue Bryce | I also could have really incredible experiences with my family that I value like taking them all to a beautiful place to stay for 3 days and eat beautiful food and just be together and laugh and be joyful. I don't care about paying for that. That is my highest value, and I will do that. I will make that money so I can facilitate those experiences. I'm not disempowering people with those experiences.

Sue Bryce | I'm not saying I paid for all of us. There's no control. I'm creating situations where family can be abundant with me. And everybody is joyful, but I'm not lording over money. I'm not controlling people with money.

Sue Bryce | Or putting up, like, ultimatons with money. Because being in free money energy is truly being abundant and worthy of everything that we have. And I want my family to be worthy of everything that they share with me because It's the experience I wanted, not look what I paid for. So you can see that it would be hard to financially exceed your parents if they have big money blocks. People with big money blocks say things like, it must be nice, or it's the ratable people, or And so they're gonna shame you for wanting more, and they're gonna shame you for trying to be more than them.

Sue Bryce | I really believe that you can outgrow them in every sense and that it's completely okay. I do believe you can emancipate from your family if they're abusive or if leaves you in pain. But like I said, on that stage, just remember whatever you leave with comes with you. You know, you can leave a relationship, but it's what when you leave, whatever that person was making you feel, you still have that that's yours. That's not theirs.

Sue Bryce | So sometimes it's better to just stay a bit longer and just work out your part in it. Whether it's a parent or a sibling, but trying to force a relationship with a sibling is, I think, almost worse than trying to force a relationship with a parent because just because your siblings doesn't mean that you're gonna get on really well or have this incredible life. There's so much competition in siblings. You had this. I didn't.

Sue Bryce | Dad was, you know, you you were dad's favorite. You were mom's favorite. It doesn't matter. Like, you had it easy because I didn't because I had more struggles than you siblings are the worst to each other. I think they're worst than friends.

Nikki Closser | So true.

Sue Bryce | So, you know, to me, I was like, I wanna love my family. I wanna become more. I also had a mom that told me I could be whatever I wanted in this world. The world was my oyster, and I could go and create myself and be more So even though she was saying that to me, she was a poor mom not speaking out the value, even though she was giving me little value things on the side, she didn't know how like, she knew I could do it. She didn't know how to do it.

Sue Bryce | So she just said, you can do it. And I went, okay. I'm gonna go and do that. So I feel like she somehow opened a door for me even as a poor kid and was like, you can do what you want. This world is your oyster.

Sue Bryce | You can go out there and do whatever you want, but she wasn't doing it. And he wasn't doing it.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So I pushed away from them because they kinda made me angry because I would work so hard in the beginning because I wasn't worthy of earning this money, so I had to work harder than everybody else for it.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I had to kill myself over it. Like, 4 hours sleep a night for 3 years because I'm building a business and I'm important. Don't you see I'm valuable and I'm that's how much I was holding on. And I would be suddenly the money just started to flow into my life, and I couldn't keep it. Then I could started to keep it, then I would see my mom and dad, and I'd go, And I'd fly them to LA, you know, for a 6 week holiday.

Sue Bryce | I'd take them to the Grand Canyon, and my dad would look at me and I'd say, Ted, look what I've built, look what I've done, look at the money I've saved, look at the what I've broken through, look at what I've created, and he'd just look at me like this, and he'd go, You happy? Yeah. Are you happy? Because he could see I wasn't happy. He could see I was just like, working too hard.

Sue Bryce | I was neglecting myself, my body. He could see none of the stress was good for me. And here we were having all the experiences. I thought they deserved, but it was really what I wanted. For them.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. But we did it. We loved it. You know, I always talk about it because it's very, very important to me, but the truth is is He made me feel bad about making money, because I made him feel bad about not having any. Because I made him feel bad about not giving me the things I wanted when I was little, because I said things to him to a man with money blocks and money shame.

Sue Bryce | I bought up his money shame, and then I got his money shame. It was almost like, I I needed to emulate him. So that he felt good, and it wasn't even then in my thirties as I was breaking out of it. I could see what I was doing. I was like, I'm doing this so that they don't feel bad.

Sue Bryce | Like, I have to convince my parents that it's okay for me to be wealthy. God. I I yeah.

Nikki Closser | And, you know, it's interesting

Sue Bryce | that when people have money blocks, because I teach it, that they think that someone else getting money is taking money away from them just like the force. Somehow you thriving, makes my survival harder. How dare you thrive when I'm not surviving month to month? And you could take all of your thrive money in that moment and give it to the person next to you who's not thriving. They're just surviving and they're angry at you.

Sue Bryce | They're angry at you for thriving and guilt and shame is what blocks money so If you feel guilty about having this money, you're going to block it and send it back, you could give them all of your Thrive money. And in 1 month, they will be in survival again, and you will too because you gave your Thrivel away. And I think about that, and I just think if you don't learn to love yourself, give yourself value and direction, you'll keep giving it to others, and they'll keep doing with it. What they've always done with it until they change Nothing will change. Well, I changed.

Sue Bryce | I changed something, but then I had to live with it. I had to be okay with this new identity. I also had to check-in. I said to you, I do not control with money, and I do not lord over people with money. I did.

Sue Bryce | In the beginning, I did. It was subconscious, but I would think I paid for that, and I didn't get what I wanted back. Or I would think, like, it was just subconscious constantly. Oh, these people don't even offer to pay for lunch when they're with me. They just expect I always pay for lunch.

Sue Bryce | That's a resentful thought that somebody is sitting no boundaries. Like, I was doing things like that. I was, constantly telling other people that they can change their money situation in the beginning when they were stuck, and so they would be angry at me because they'd be thinking, well, you're saying it and you're doing it, but I can't do it. So so I caused a lot of friction in the years where I got I say I got used to having money. I actually believe that if you've lived month to month for most of your life, you have to get used to having $10,000 savings.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I honestly can say when I first broke through money the 1st year, I had $20,000 savings. I had $4000 on my credit card, which I wouldn't pay off. I don't know why. I could've taken the full grand out of that 20,000 and just saved it. Paid it off, but I just could not.

Sue Bryce | I just stayed there for a year, just getting used to having the small amount of savings, Now you might hear that and think, oh, that's so cute. But what you don't understand is I teach money I teach money, self value, and business for a living. This is the segment where people go silent. Mhmm. So many people are in debt, Nikki, and they just lie about it.

Sue Bryce | So many people just empowered around money, and they lie about it. I want you to know it doesn't matter how bad your debt is. Take the shame away. It's gonna be okay. You can kill that debt smash it and you can thrive.

Sue Bryce | I want you to know if you wanna start a business, a career, or you just want more education, you want more abundance, if you focus on more abundance in your work life, you will get more abundance in your work life. You can change your money situation. You can remove your money paying. You can remove your shame. Just checking first where it came from.

Sue Bryce | Kind of like your body image. Where did it come from? From those people kind of like the way you treat money, the way you value money, the way you direct money, those people. The love relationship you have. It's from those people.

Sue Bryce | How did your parents emotionally process? You copied their process. That filter is yours until you find your own identity. It's gonna keep being yours. And you'll keep resisting it when you hate it.

Sue Bryce | If you hate something in someone else, you hate it about yourself. That's mirror work, right? So the problem is is if you keep hating it in someone else, you won't accept it in yourself. You just won't.

Nikki Closser | So, Sue, you just said so much in there. I swear. So much good stuff. One of the things you talk about in in your power talks is when your parents have an unlived life and how that impacts kids. But When you are exceeding your parents and you get to the point where you don't even feel like you can tell them when you are successful because you're worried It's gonna make them feel bad or they're gonna have shame or whatever.

Nikki Closser | You know, how do how do people hand that if they be handle that if they be if they do exceed their parents.

Sue Bryce | Because if you're tell if you don't wanna tell them something, it's the way they're responding. So it's the way you're saying it. You just have to find a different way to communicate to them that you're doing something, show them don't tell them because maybe when you're telling them, you're telling them in a way that they hear what they did wrong or what they didn't do for you or what they couldn't give you or what they don't have. Because, you know, when you have people with limited beliefs, whether they're your parent or not, they're only gonna believe they limit. That that is their limit, their emotional reaction.

Sue Bryce | So let's say you're actually communicating something that is causing an emotional reaction in that parent. They just kinda shut down right about that moment. Mhmm. I don't think you can ever say, like, your growth will never hurt another human being. So it's really not a matter of not being able to tell them.

Sue Bryce | It's a matter of you're still focused on making it good for them instead of making it right for you. And you've gotta make it right for you. If if so when you start setting boundaries, you have to say no to people, and it's almost impossible when you're a people pleaser because you believe that this person will leave you or turn away from you if you say no. So it actually hurts to set a boundary. But here's the thing, if you set a boundary, like, let's say I babysit your kids every Saturday night, you stop asking me, you just expect that I do it every Saturday night.

Sue Bryce | And now I have to confront you and say, Nikki, I'm not available that Saturday night. People get angry. Because, you know, to you, you don't know that I'm a people pleaser. I'm the person who shows up for your kids every Saturday night. Suddenly I'm gonna take that away, and you're gonna be like, what about my babysitter?

Sue Bryce | Cause that's your first need is my need to not being met. If you get angry at me, I'm now trying to set a boundary with you as a people pleaser, and now you're getting angry at me. This is where we make up lies. We lie to get out of situations Instead of just saying no. Right.

Sue Bryce | We over explain. Yeah. I do that all the time. Right? Because you're so afraid of saying no as a people pleaser, that energy is the same as people pleasing.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Isn't it? I have to own this? Like, it's that's why I say to you. You've it's better to go to this person and say, I have been available for you for a long time.

Sue Bryce | I've been saying yes when I should be saying no. It's my fault. It's not on you. You just know that I show up and I show up for you, but I'm gonna start doing this over here, and I'm going to need just a little bit more time. And so I'm gonna say no more, and I'm not gonna be as available.

Sue Bryce | And I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I did that. Because when you take the power back in that confrontation and and it is about you, it's not about them being angry, but do you believe people would act actually get angry at you for setting a boundary. That's how secret your boundary is. That's how how much you feel bad about setting this boundary that you at actually don't want to hurt another human being in order to say no.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Good lord. How can I I I think about that, and I think about how many years I did it? Also, there's belief that I couldn't give to anybody else, without saying, like, no and hurting them. That was my big thing.

Nikki Closser | You know, we have to reframe this. We have to. And you and I have spent just hours in conversation about our childhood and something that came up that we really both identified with is feeling like the kind of dirty kid

Sue Bryce | Well, we have not, like, anyone said, like, you're

Nikki Closser | not here.

Sue Bryce | You and I talk about it all the time because it's the funniest thing because we were having and for all of you, our Nick, you know, we're just having a random conversation about our childhood one day and I said a comment that I went to a friend's house and the mother told me I was dirty that I had to cut my fingernails, wash my hands, and go and do it outside. And she shamed me. And I was I was probably 10. I I I don't know why my nails were dirty. I don't know where I'd been playing or but I cut my nails and I washed them and I came back to the table.

Sue Bryce | And she really ashamed. Like, I was ashamed that day. And then I didn't eat the vegetables because they were brussels sprouts, and I didn't eat brussels sprouts. And because I didn't eat brussels sprouts, she told me I could not have dessert. So I had to sit at the table while their whole family ate dessert and I did not.

Sue Bryce | And I was the dirty kid. Right? And they were also a wealthy family, so they had a beautiful home, and we did not. So I went home that day and told my mom, and I was just ashamed. And I said, you know, this thing, they she made me feel like a a duty kid.

Sue Bryce | It was kind of that's the only way I could describe it. And I carried that duty kid. Mhmm. And that comment and that idea with me for a long time. I said it to Nikki, and she was just like, oh, I feel the same way.

Sue Bryce | So we would just kinda talk about this abstract idea that somebody could say it or do something to us, and we would, as a child, feel like not good enough. And to me, it translated as dirty. So I use the term Yeah. Duty kit all the time with Nikki when we talk about our kit, our childhood, and the stuff that we hold on to. Like, I also think about, like, what will you believe around children bully each other physically.

Sue Bryce | It's the first thing we do. You know, we go fat. So if the kids, have got weight on them, we can freckles or ginger red hair or skin color or nose, right, or butt teeth or braces or whatever you sort of have is a physical thing. Children instantly pick on that thing. So we carry those things.

Sue Bryce | As we grow up, we obviously take them home and we say to our parents, they called me this. If you have parents who don't any shame around body image or don't have any shame around hair texture or, you know, or your mixed race or your socioeconomic background. They're gonna help you not be ashamed around those comments and understand why somebody could see that in you. But if they have shame around any of those things, they will flare instantly in shame. And when you tell that parent, what that shameful thing is, their shame will instantly show you that you had every right to be ashamed.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Your own parents' shame. What it's bringing up for them is now showing this child that they must be ashamed in this area. Because you are a dirty kid. In fact, because that made my mom feel bad, and my mom was like, oh, no.

Sue Bryce | You know, like, grooming is important for us. She felt ashamed as a parent. And then that made me feel more shame that I'd gone somewhere and represented my family in a way. Like, it it so children are just feeling all the time responding and feeling, but I'm, like I said before, blown away by how many people can literally bring back a comment from four years old. Six years old, seven years old, and that it's set in stone in their identity.

Sue Bryce | That's crazy.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. I remember my mom wasn't home a lot, and often we were home alone at night, and some of my friends weren't allowed to spend the night. You know, I can't blame their parents whatsoever, but I just felt so much rejection and some and again, I feel like this is where the the people pleasing comes in. Was is just feeling like I'm not good enough. I don't fit in.

Nikki Closser | People aren't my friends aren't allowed to spend the night at my house. What kind of person am am I? You know, it's crazy. And these are all the stories that I've had to reframe and that you have helped me with what you teach reframe me so that I mean, if I were to look back at that little girl, like, if you if you look back at yourself, Sue, at that age, would you ever say that to yourself back then that I'm not worthy. I'm not good enough.

Nikki Closser | I'm dirty. Like, why do we do that to ourselves as adults?

Sue Bryce | But I wasn't saying it as a child. I wasn't saying it like that. As a child, I felt like that's what I was saying.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. No. I mean, like, as an adult, would you ever say that to yourself? So as a kid. Like, why do I say that to myself as an adult?

Nikki Closser | I would never have said that to myself as a child.

Sue Bryce | And I hope you never say it to another human being, right? Right. And you will speak like that to another human being, let alone yourself. I mean, yourself is the first one that you should be speaking you know, the best too. I guess they just start as little as little mantras.

Sue Bryce | They become stories, identities, sub personas. They get stuck in there. People bring them back all the time. Whenever something happens, they'll just instantly revert to that bad story and chart it and keep talking about it again. Or any trauma that's there, they'll just pull it out and absolutely start like living through it again.

Sue Bryce | They'll even retell the story in the same emotion. Remember I said this on stage, when you think of a thought that sparks an emotion, straight away that right there, that memory, your brain thinks it's happening now. Your brain thinks it's happening now. So you're bringing it back. You're feeling a new feeling.

Sue Bryce | Your brain's like, this is happening. So if you're bringing back something from childhood, It's still happening now because you keep thinking it and saying it because you've set an identity around it. So as soon as you stop Well, you can't stop thinking about it, can you? Because rejection breeds obsessions, so the more objection and, more the more rejection there is, the more session there. And so if I told you not to think about it and you're in an obsessive mind, that's impossible.

Sue Bryce | What you have to do is be okay with it. All we're ever doing is bringing ourselves to the light, bringing our own filter of our past to the light, and then reframing that. So let's look at some big reframes for people because some people grow up with really horrendous parents. Some people grow up with all one really bad parent that is, or maybe your parent was unwell. Maybe there's some mental illness or instability.

Sue Bryce | Maybe there was addiction. Maybe there was abuse. Maybe there was no addiction. No abuse, no emotion, no processing, no demonstration of love whatsoever, no sort of demonstrating self love, self care, or self respect. Maybe they had money problems, health problems, life problems, Okay?

Sue Bryce | So we've gonna inherit all of those things. And then as we grow up, we're gonna work out what are ours, what's still service, and what don't. But the truth is is now that you're an adult, you have to come to the acceptance of these things. They're not gonna come back and fix it. You can wait your whole life.

Sue Bryce | They won't come back and make your childhood right. If they did not love you enough in your childhood, they're not gonna love you enough as an adult. Because you believe that you're unlovable, so no one can love you enough. You'll always look for more. Because there's never enough.

Sue Bryce | The truth is is until you learn to love yourself, you just don't. Mhmm. And then you're just sharing love with everybody around you. But if you were not taught these things, you can't. How would you know?

Sue Bryce | How would you know how to set healthy boundaries or communicate love to someone. Ask someone how to see you show up for you, love you, respect you. They don't know until you start doing it. And I think what we do is we still expect our parents are in control of that, or our parents can make that right. So for me, reframing everything reframe your childhood.

Sue Bryce | In fact, go back through the eight areas of your life and look at how they correspond to your childhood. Look at the love relationship of your parents and say, how did they emotionally process together? Because that's probably how you're emotionally processing in your relationship. Also, my parents were like soulmates. They met when they're fifteen years old.

Sue Bryce | So I just assumed I would meet my soulmate when I was, like, in my teens, I didn't meet my soulmate out until I was in my forties. So for me, I was like, something's wrong. I'm not I don't have what they had. You know, there's always a flip. And I always think reframe everything you got in childhood.

Sue Bryce | Like, if you think you weren't loved enough, then you simply have to reframe that. My parents did not know how to communicate love. Mhmm. They didn't know how to demonstrate self love. So I did not learn.

Sue Bryce | And if you reframe that and then you say, and now I'm learning because that's my focus, you're turning it into your own positive focus. You just gotta keep reframing whatever it was and stop letting the old story get in the car.

Nikki Closser | Well, you said something about serving, like, how these old stories can serve you. Will you talk a little bit more about what you mean by that?

Sue Bryce | All of the identity that you set serves you in a positive way when you first start, just like all stress relief becomes avoidance, becomes addiction. At first, it's stress relief. Stress relief is good. I'm stressed out. I need cake.

Sue Bryce | It's so simple. Feels good to eat it. I get dopamine. That is pleasure. The problem is with pleasure and pain is as humans, when we get more pain, we just keep seeking more pleasure.

Sue Bryce | More fulfillment over there instead of looking at the hole. That's all. So it's pretty easy to fill that hole right now but just keep seeking pleasure instead of facing what it is right there where you are right now and just accepting that and then moving on from a place of symptoms.

Nikki Closser | I remember you saying before, like, if someone has this identity and I tell you know, tell my friends about it, then they're gonna give me attention around it or or something. Like, I feel like sometimes we hold on to these stories because it It gives us the support that we're looking for.

Sue Bryce | Of course, it does. You know, it's really crazy. We force negative situations into our life to force change. You know, we can make ourselves really sick because when you're sick, it gets you to a place of desperation. Where you're supported by others and you have to change.

Sue Bryce | We can totally disempower ourselves around money because we want other people to take the power, and that's what our parents a lot of parents control the money in the adult children. Controlling money is controlling love. And you are disempowering your children if you're giving them money and not teaching them how to create for themselves, but it's very easy to do. So to me, anything that is your negative story is serving you in some way. And, you know, you know, we say you'll wake up in the morning and you're like, I can tell you over and over again to leave a situation and you won't until you're ready.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. It is serving you in some way. It's always serving you in some way. Now if it's gotten to a point where it's like an addiction or an abusive relationship or something, it's no longer serving you. Right?

Sue Bryce | It's gone past the point of serving you. But when you look at that story, you're going to say it came from here. And that was my need to be loved. I This came from love, and then it turned into maybe stress relief, avoidance, and then it turned into a bad thing. But you when you look back, you'll find that your first the first step you took was one to be accepted to be loved You know, sometimes we fall in love with people who are very cruel to us and abusive towards us because we want so much to be loved And in those abusive relationships comes so much need because it's so codependent, and it's so fired by emotion, you know, like, if if a couple of are beating on each other, then the way they make up is intense, and it's I love you.

Sue Bryce | And it's so fueled those all those energies just keep fueling, fueling, fueling, but they always start from a place of love. They always start from an somebody needing to be loved. And then we get stuck in the story. And that old story and the rejection, and then you're seeing more evidence that you can't move forward. And now we're stuck in the car with my thought my feelings and my fear.

Sue Bryce | And we're believing all of them, and we've led a whole lot of other people in the car. That's why we have to teach you all how to protect the castle. And clear that car, clear that mind, clear that heart, and then you can get rid of all of the narratives in there that don't serve you anymore, and they do take time. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | And love the car analogy. And that's something you talk about within your within your power talks.

Sue Bryce | I'm in the car. I think in suffering, so it's actually our next talk. And I've done a little bit more, work on explaining that Yeah. It's really helping people to understand that they're the observer of their own thoughts and feelings and that also that they're in charge of them. That they can actually control them and contribute to them and change them and then activate them.

Sue Bryce | That is alignment. So I really want people to understand how powerful that work is. So just understanding the car, your car, who's speaking in that car and who no longer gets a voice in that car. And what I've noticed the most about self value students is how often they use that analogy. They will be constantly giving me feedback that self hate just got in the car or avoidance just got in the car or self doubt is in the car with me right now, but they're identifying it as a separate entity.

Sue Bryce | It's not them anymore. It's just this thought that has become a voice that sparks an emotional reaction that can feel deeply uncomfortable that will kick you back up into that thought, which will create more ego thought, which will create more emotional response that you don't want, and it'll just get you trapped. And I can't do this instead of coming from a place of calm love. I know what I want every day I just get up and get into alignment with that so that I can create an amazing day. You know, We do talk about setting the mood of the house.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And mom so often sets the mood of the house because women are more emotional. Often. So it's often mum sitting in the mood of the house. And if mom is over nurturing, overgiving, and she's not balancing, and she's getting up, and she's speaking badly to dad or mom or spouse or whoever else is co parenting in this house, then clearly the mood of the house is mum stressed out.

Sue Bryce | Now we all have to tow the line. Right? And that's how one parent can just walk into a room and set the mood of their house. And then your children or your family members or your siblings are going out into the world with that on them straight away, whatever it is, whether trauma or stress or, you know, and so I want a daily ritual where you can clear that emotional space in yourself empower yourself, reconnect to yourself, to your goals, to your body care, to your self care, and everything that you're building, in 15 minutes that you can go into that space, all the needs with your family and friends, and you can give to them and set them up to go out into the world. Connected and in alignment with who they are and what they want.

Sue Bryce | And then they know who they are and what they want, and they're bringing good energy into every room they go into. They are literally bringing themselves, little powerful visions of you into every room that they go into, and they're walking into a room with the same self love that you left them in. They're walking into that room going, I like who I am and life is good, and I have great friends and a great family and high, and everything about their interaction is easier and lighter and better. We're just learning out there learning. So you wanna set them up to go out and just have the best day so that you can stay in alignment all day with what you want, whether it's your house, your body, your desires, your goals, your dreams, your self care, your movement, your food.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't matter. It's gonna be infused with self love today because that's what you chose for yourself and your family and you put them out into the world knowing full well that they're gonna attract more of that back because so are you because it so abundant, and I've got goosebumps all over my body because you can't say it without feeling the truth of it. Sorry. That was a toad. But it's so true.

Sue Bryce | So

Nikki Closser | It is so true.

Sue Bryce | Wake up every single day in a clear in clear your emotional space. Mhmm. Work out what you want, then you can fully get into alignment with what you want every single day and be enough for everybody else at the same time.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. That's why these daily rituals that you teach throughout all of the power talks are so important. Just stirring that day and setting the mood is it it's life changing. I mean, I know that sounds dramatic, but but

Sue Bryce | it is like changing. I don't wanna wake up in yesterday's emotions anymore. I don't want to wake up in last year's emotions. I don't wanna wake up in last decade's emotions. I don't.

Sue Bryce | I don't wanna wake up carrying a heaviness from back then. It has to be forgiven. It has to be released. Has to be reframed because if I'm waking up with it, I'm empowering it, I'm choosing to do that, which means I'm getting something from it. So when you talk about saying that it serves people.

Sue Bryce | If you can't release something, you're still getting a lot of service from it. And you have to come to a awareness of what that is. What is this problem? What need is this problem meeting for you? Like, who supports you when you have this problem that you don't maybe have support?

Sue Bryce | What do you get even if it's attention and remember kids, teenagers, and adults? They act out to see who cares about them. They act out to see who cares about them.

Nikki Closser | That is exactly right. I did that. Big time?

Sue Bryce | I think adults still do it. We say kids do it, but the truth is we still do it. Mhmm. As adults, we see we push our partners to see What's wrong? We we act out tonight so

Nikki Closser | I can get your attention.

Sue Bryce | Yep. 100%. So when you start to see your own behavior, you're kind of like, I don't need to do that to get love and attention or validation or a good feeling. I can just ask for that. I can ask to be seen, or I can see myself.

Sue Bryce | And then I don't that is asking to be seen. Mhmm. I can start to live, dress, be careful myself in a way that how I'm seen. This is how I the most seen and inevitably, everyone will then see me.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | It's okay to ask for more But you have to ask for more from a place that you are the one you are asking. Sorry. That's my cup of tea. You are the one that's asking yourself to give it to yourself. Do not ask somebody else to give it to you.

Sue Bryce | Give it to yourself first. Fill yourself up with love and then set the boundary gently with other people. That's that love boundary is the most powerful boundary of them all.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. So, you know, I have 22 boys and a lot of people who are watching have kids. I mean, some people don't, but a lot a lot of people do. How do we how do we teach this to our kids? How do we teach self value to our kids?

Sue Bryce | You've gotta be self value. You can't just tell them. You've gotta actually do it. You know, we we talk a lot about money because we freed ourselves around money, and we have a lot of open dialogue about money. And I mean, honestly, when anybody's friends with me or works with me, money is a very open dialogue in my life because the money shame, I'd I carried so much money shame.

Sue Bryce | And I'm like, why do I carry so much money shame? I'd rather not be ashamed and I'd rather have an open honest dialogue about money with people. So Nikki and I had this conversation about, rich kids. And because we were poor kids, we weren't poor kids, but, you know, middle, lower socioeconomic, working class, white color. When you don't, you see red, kids when you're a kid, you know, you kind of have that rat kid.

Sue Bryce | Like, that's a poor kid mentality, and it's a poor kid voice that I just said it. But the whole point with the rich kids was, I jokingly said, when you don't empower your children to live their dreams and you're wealthy, they just become DJ's. They don't really want for anything, and they just sort of seem to get this, like, easy life where they flounder. And I was like, I do wonder about people that I know that grew up maybe poor or without money, but then became very successful financially. And then they children and didn't teach their children anything about survival or thriving or building or being poor it was throwing out more like a you have, you know, motorbikes and a convertible at 16.

Sue Bryce | I did not have those things. So it was more like an ultimatum or, but these kids don't know any different. They've just had this very well fixed dance, all their lives, and did they grow up and have careers? No? Did they work?

Sue Bryce | No? Did they contribute to society? Clearly, that's my judgment. But the truth is is how do you teach your children to have self value, but how do you also teach your children about money being financially free and yet not freeloading, you know, because that's a big thing. If we work so hard to become financially free, what's that gonna do to my children?

Sue Bryce | And how is

Nikki Closser | it going to be? This all the time. How do I?

Sue Bryce | So you have to teach your children. They don't get anything in this life unless they really want it. So anything they asked for, like, if one of your kids asked for a motorbike, you don't buy 2 motorbikes. You buy 1 motorbike for that child, and the second child might ask for 1 or not, but they ask for what they really want. Once they know what they really want, they make a goal for that thing, especially as they get older.

Sue Bryce | Like, this could be a thing they're saving for with you. This could be a thing they're asking for as a present or Christmas. This could be a thing, but it's something that they've researched, something they want, It's something they desire, and they they're basically putting it on their their wish list. Yeah. And also, you might even wanna talk to them if they're saving for it.

Sue Bryce | Like, how we're gonna do that. You'd need to save this much money over this. You're teaching them how to create what they want, And then you're teaching them how to value it when they get it. Mhmm. Because if you give kids things that they don't want, they don't look after them.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And I realized as a kid that grew up looking after their things because I didn't get many things. That's a big thing for me. So I would buy my nieces and nephews like, Iphones and iPads when they were little, and I'd go the next year and they'd be smashed in the toy box. And inside, I would be like, fuck.

Sue Bryce | They got me $1200. And and I was like, and they did not value it. Because they didn't even want one. And I had to learn that. So think about that with your kids.

Sue Bryce | What do they value? What's their love language? Mhmm. Teach them how to create something in their mind. I wanna go after that.

Sue Bryce | Get them to tell you a plan to how to get there. So that they can Mhmm. Tell you that experience, what that might feel like if it if they didn't get it, if it if that idea got taken away, get them to value it. And then when they get that thing, teach them gratitude for it. You got this thing that you really wanted Now you can look after it.

Sue Bryce | It's yours, and it's something that is important to you for this reason. Like, if you teach them what value is, they'll get it The only thing you ever have to do in yourself is act with value, and, you know, your children will get it. And build your dreams. Right? You don't wanna spend your life building your children's dreams.

Sue Bryce | You want them to see you build yours, and then you want to encourage them to build theirs. And then not making them anything they don't wanna be. Mhmm. I think it's really easy to say, what do you wanna be? You don't need to be anything who you are is unfolding.

Sue Bryce | Like, it's constantly unfolding, especially as a teenager. So sometimes your natural gifts you don't even know that they're important when you're a teenager. For instance, I knew at the age of fourteen that I wanted to be a coach. And because I hadn't built anything or done anything, I coach sport because I'm a natural coach. I like to empower people.

Sue Bryce | I like to motivate people and I like to teach them. Mhmm. I told my mom right through my childhood. I was gonna be a teacher when I grew up. And she said, and you became a photographer.

Sue Bryce | So I knew what my natural gifts were. I just was not focused on them. You know your child's natural gifts, but then you get stuck in your own limits of what they're gonna be, and you start telling them what they're gonna be. And for some children, they never become who they are because your voice was so strong in their head that they couldn't become anything else. And it's like, you knew that.

Sue Bryce | If you ever experienced that with a parent, why would you do that to your own child? Because, you know, we need to know. We need to have Like, how is that coming? What are you gonna be? I need to know because we need to know what's gonna happen, and you don't.

Sue Bryce | You don't have any control. It's an illusion that you even have any control over what's coming towards you, but just unfolding who they are in value. Also, if a child ever comes to you and says, I got bullied for this or I got called out for this, sit them down and say, what does that mean when someone calls you that thing? And then they can explain what that means to you. And then you can say, Why do you think they said it to you?

Sue Bryce | Because if you say that to a child with braces and then they say, well, they said it about my braces, and then you go, well, they're gonna pick the first thing about you. So that's your braces. Right? Can you see why they said that to you, why they were mean, and they used that one thing? And then the child says yes.

Sue Bryce | And then you go, so what does that really mean? And once they break it down, It's not about that thing. It's not about that that thing that they carry all the shame of not being good enough because your parents not ashamed of what happened. You know, we can we throw shame. We throw shame on our children all the time.

Sue Bryce | We even have you even heard? You should be ashamed of yourself. Mhmm. Think about it. You should be ashamed of yourself.

Sue Bryce | You should live for the rest of your life as I'm a bad person. And you're saying that because you felt shame. And that shame is so uncomfortable. And when your child is being ashamed for something, you're gonna smack that child with so much shame, and they're gonna remember it for the rest of their life. It's not your fault.

Sue Bryce | It's what we do. So I guess what we're trying to do is we're trying to take our shame away, and sometimes it's generational generational trauma and patterns that we it. But again, parents are not gonna make it right. It's time to out. It's time to exceed them.

Sue Bryce | It's time to care for them. And it's time to love them. And I truly believe that you can not only sort of change that past relationship that you can create the ultimate family in your in your children, right, what you were lacking you wanna give to your children? So you'll get to share something different in your family unit.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Powerful stuff. That's for sure.

Sue Bryce | You know, families need boundaries. That's what I said. And if you don't need to set boundaries with your family, you're the one that you need to set. They're they're the one that they need to set boundaries. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And your only doesn't have control over you. They're just the identity from whence you came. It's okay. It doesn't matter if they were homeless.

Nikki Closser | I like that.

Sue Bryce | It's a good Or if they were bad people or abusive, You were born into this world. No less than the trees and the stars, and you have the ability to love and honor yourself and become whoever you want despite where you came from.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You definitely have that power to heal it to forgive the past and to create a new world for yourself, but you can't get stuck on what mom and dad did. 30 years ago. And in your forties and fifties sixties, you absolutely cannot be a wounded child anymore. Reframe it take control of those old stories. Okay?

Sue Bryce | Cause they empower old feelings, which bring the now back into your car. It feels like it's all happening now. I wonder how many people went to holiday break this Christmas in New Year's. Thinking I'm not going to start anything with my family. I'm going to be.

Sue Bryce | I'm coming in. I'm gonna be neutral. And 3 days later, this world war 3. Family dynamics are crazy, but we're talking about the childhood We have to look back in order to go forward remembering this is just a filter of my past. And let's finish on this one thing.

Sue Bryce | Anybody who fights. If you have an argument with your friend, if you have an argument with someone you love, family member, or a spouse, First question you need to ask, how did you hear that? What I said was this and my intention was this, but you heard it this way. Mhmm. Because you heard it through a filter of your past.

Sue Bryce | And I know that your filter has some big trauma around money and some big trauma around I'm just saying things that it's not you. But, you know, so I can see why I totally triggered you. When you own what triggers you and you own the filter of your past, you can break through that emotional boundary that says you cannot go past your emotional reaction to anything. Well, if you have a love partner who knows your past filter and you can speak about, I'm sorry, I heard that through my filter, I'm gonna reframe how I hear that from you from now on. You can move through anything as a couple.

Nikki Closser | I love that.

Sue Bryce | Because really what you're saying is I don't want to hear it this way, but somehow from my childhood, I'm hearing it this way. And when your partner is like, I understand that, and I'll know next time If I trigger you, I'm gonna be like, I totally know I triggered you because I know that's your filter. Once you get there, then you're also taking responsibility for your energy. It's like you go up to someone and you say, hey, you triggered me when I said that. When you said that, you triggered me, and I was triggered because I have experienced this.

Sue Bryce | It's not about you. You just said something with an intention was different, and I took it the wrong way. If I don't acknowledge that, we just constantly build scar tissue in a relationship, in a friendship, in a family. So through the filter of my past is bringing the past to the light reframing it, filling it with love, being okay with what wasn't there, because what wasn't there is what you were gonna bring into your world now and every single day until it's filled with love, and here's the crazy part. The relationship you think is blocking you or the family member that you think is blocking you or whatever that thing is, that person holds your greatest emotional need right now.

Sue Bryce | What you feel about them and what you resent about them holds your greatest emotional need. Your job is not to run from that person. It's to fill that space with love. Love forgiveness for yourself first. And then the reflection of that person comes back to you, and it's so weird.

Sue Bryce | It's like they heal distance. And the energy shifts. And it's like, how did your energy ship from me doing the work in my house? Because they can feel it because you're no longer looking for the bad stuff. You're no longer looking for more evidence, or you're no longer walking into a room saying this person's gonna trigger me in instantly, and I'm gonna flare up straight away.

Sue Bryce | You no longer do that. It's just transformative. And then before you know it, you're in a chair shifted, and guess what? The world is responding to your emotions.

Nikki Closser | It's magical.

Sue Bryce | Oh, we'll see you for Suffering. Oh, we'll talk about the car and suffering too. I know a lot of people have lots of questions about the car or really break down the car and suffering for you.

Nikki Closser | Awesome. I can't wait. We'll see you next time.

Sue Bryce | See you next time.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 02 - Identity ====
