==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 18 - No More No Less ====

No more and no less is something I need to teach you right now. No more and no less is the cosmic ordering. The rule of cosmic ordering. Basically, the rule of cosmic ordering is you will receive no more and no less than what you ask for and what you action every day. So if you're getting debt, you're somehow asking for it.

And don't tell me you're not because it's not happening to you. And this is the most incredible thing. When I was back broke years ago, I wanted to leave the studio and start my own business. I had no money. I had a credit card.

I borrowed money from my car, you know, remember the car that blew up, I had to borrow money to buy a new car. My friend bought me a business coaching ticket, like a free voucher, and into this business coach, and he said to me, you wanna leave this job? You need to, have some money behind you money you've got in the bank. I said nothing. He said, what do you need to leave?

I said, a camera in $2000. He said, I'll give you a month. I said, a month And he said, yeah, and I went out and I hustled. I got a job. I got a part time job.

I started teaching retouching. 1 of the retouches sold me his camera for six hundred bucks. I walked back in there 4 weeks later, sat down, smug is anything with a camera and $2000, and I said, I did it. And he said, you did what? And I said, I did what you told me.

And he and he goes, did you? He goes, yeah. I said, I got $2000 in the camera. That was my limit. He went, good.

No more and no less. And I said, but you said to get a camera in $2000, and he goes, and you did. No more and no less. That was an awakening for me. I didn't ask for $5000.

I didn't ask for a studio opportunity. I didn't ask for a better job. I didn't ask for a for help. I didn't ask for anything. I simply got exactly what I went out for.

So reset what you think you want because what you think you want is coming to you and you're gonna get no more and no less. Do you understand that in everything? No more and no less. So if you're experiencing tight fistedness, no more and no less. The tight fisted person that could definitely be their mantra no more and no less because they're so tight fisted.

They're gonna stay within a realm of tight fistedness. And that's the problem with tight fistedness. It's not overgiving. It's not leaking. It's just not growing.

You become so fearful and scarcity And so lacking that there is not enough in this universe in this world that you hold on to what you've got and you never grow past it. And the resentment and tight fisted 2 of the most painful, also painful states, but they're all painful because you lose on every single one of them. So no more and no less was such an awakening to me. And ever since then, I've always made sure when I declared what I want and said what I want, I made it very clear that I was gonna get no more and no less I made it very clear to reset my paradigm around me, my vision paradigm because it was gonna shift really fast. And then I had to reset it or basically I'm going nowhere fast.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 18 - No More No Less ====
