==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 14 - Action & Daily Practice ====

Now, I believe in action, okay, I'm not big on manifestation. And the reason I'm not big on manifestation is because I've worked for everything I've had. And yes, there has been magical moments within my manifesting, within my action manifestation. But I don't want to pretend to you that it's just gonna come to you if you lie on the couch and think about it. I believe in a mixture of action, daily practice, putting it into practice every day, taking action, seeing myself, contrasting myself, seeing what I'm doing to block it, seeing what I'm constantly, getting shown back by messengers, by people around me.

I believe in creating an action list, I believe in walking towards that. And when I do all of those things, when I get out of my own way, when I walk the pain path, knowing it's going to be painful, magic happens to me, and I guess that's what people call manifestation. So when you're walking towards that dream, you're not to think about how it's gonna come to fruition, you're just to think about what you want to come to fruition. Okay? And I call it the vision paradigm.

This is paradigm around you that you can see, and it's very small, and you're not gonna see past it. Ultimately, you want to go to the next level and you don't know how. So if you put somebody down and makes you feel bigger or better about your self and the weird thing is is by nature you feel like you're taking a step up, but the truth is is if you acknowledge the vision paradigm around you, which is what you can see, In what you're walking towards, if you can just hold that in your mind long enough, you can move mountains. You can move mountains in your change, and yes, you're still gonna get pain, and you're still gonna have to walk the path, but the truth is is you get locked. So we have this first surrounding energy in our vision paradigm, right, and we feel trapped here, but it's our own perception, and it's our own real and it's distorted, and it's wrong.

So you have this bubble around you, and you say, this is far as I can go, and this is all that is allowed to me, and this is all that is in my community, and there is no more money, and there's not enough and your bubble does not see past that. It doesn't go outside of that circle, and you can't see that your dream is 3 bubbles up. And the paradigm is the fact that it's so close to you. You just have to open up your awareness. So one of the things you're gonna struggle with is seeing the are back in other people.

One of the things you're gonna struggle with is knowing you have to walk a pain path, but getting hit with the first pain. Because you're gonna wanna run. One of the things you're gonna struggle with is Sue said make a dream and start making actions towards it and you're gonna get something in your pain path that's gonna knock you back and knock you straight off that path. But the truth is is if you open up to this magic, you will be so blown away by what you're seeing and just constantly seeing yourself reflected back in all the people and how they're treating you, because it is a direct indicator of how you're treating yourself. Period.

How you value yourself as a direct indicator by what you're getting paid? How you value your time, your service, your product and the quality of your time with people, the connection is showing up immediately in your income. And even when I learned to get paid being a photographer, I got more value for my work. I started to think maybe I am quite good. I started to create more in my service.

I started to create more in my packages. I started to infuse more value in what I was giving, what I was providing, and what I was receiving, I then would get the money and I couldn't keep it because I never valued myself. And I would find a way to push the money away even when I did receive it because that is the clearest indicator that you're not doing the value work. You're not doing it in yourself. You're not doing it in your product.

You're not doing it in your service. You're not doing it by the way. You're keeping money. And then all of a sudden, there's no opportunity around you. So I love e cat toll.

Eckhart Tolle. I love The Power of Now. I love A New Earth. I love this idea that we get caught in this past story, or we project this forward fear. Too much past means too much, too much resentment is too much past, and too much fear is too much tomorrow.

And we don't live in the now. We don't live in the now, and I really know that I really know that we don't, but the truth is is the most extraordinary thing is we are a succession of now's like our past is simply a memory, a story, and it's wrong. So if there's something that you're holding on to right now, I can't have this future because of this past, you need to stop empowering the past because the past is stopping you from going forward and you're a succession of nows, you are not your past. However, your stories are created on memories And if your memories or histories are of hurt and rejection, then those are the stories you're going to tell. In your story, it's everything that stops you from being loved, and everything that stops you from being valued.

And that story that you bring up, whether it's childhood, whether it relates to business, past hurt with money, whether it relates to a past hurt with a partner, that's coming up hurting you and stopping you from getting the now that you want. You need to stop telling this this fake story. Stop empowering the story. Right now, you need to stop. Okay?

And it's really, really, really important.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 14 - Action & Daily Practice ====
