==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 03 - Distraction ====

Any addiction is distraction, whether it's alcohol, whether it's shopping, whether it's smoking, whether it's overeating, Any addiction is a distraction and I have experienced all of those addictions to some degree. Now remember there is a further degree to addiction that is in crisis as there is with a further degree to depression. So I'm not a recovering addict. I've just experienced using all of these addictions as distractions in my life. We are so desensitized to emotional pain that we do not feel it.

We don't even want to feel it. So I had this incredible experience, and this happened to me a week ago. We're so numb to what we're feeling. We're so numb to pain we actually anesthetize it before we feel it. So I always speak about I found it hard to make money in business until I learned to value myself, until I learned to value my service and my craft in the product I made.

So fast forward, 7, 8 years, I'm finally breaking through my money blocks. I can now receive money That does not mean I no longer feel pain. Do you understand? Just because I walked through the pain, does not mean I no longer feel it. It still hurts me.

So this is what I did. I went to send an invoice and it was a big invoice. One of those big, hairy invoices that make you feel very uncomfortable. One of those invoices where your brain starts to revert to an old way of thinking, am I worth this? Will they pay this?

Am I good enough to receive this money? Even after all this time, the same voice came back, and it hit me really hard and I could not move. I sat at my desk. I text a friend. It was like, ticks a friend.

Have to send this really big invoice and it's making me feel uncomfortable. My friend texts us back and send it. I text another friend because clearly she's not giving me meeting any of my needs, so I text a second friend, and I've said, I've got this really big invoice, and I'm not sending it. It's freaking me out. And she texts back, send it.

So clearly, she's not meeting any of my needs. And the best part about it is had it been me sending it back to there, I would have been send it with love. And here I am, like, I did the most extraordinary thing. I got up walked into the kitchen, and there had been a packet of chocolate cookies in my fridge for about 3 weeks that were unopened And I went back to a very old coping mechanism. I open stood in the fridge door, as you do, I opened this packet of cookies and I ate 7 of them.

There's 8 in a packet. I would have eaten 8, but I actually got physically sick because I just got this massive sugar rush that I had to go and lie down with a thumping belting headache. And as I walked off to bed to comfort myself, I asked myself a question who ate all the cookies in the fridge because I dissociated while I was eating. Gone. I wasn't even there.

I wasn't even present. And so here's the best part I lay down. I stayed there for an hour. I self soothed myself. I'm gonna teach you how to do this.

I self soothed myself after the fact. Instead of before. And as I woke up and stood up, I asked myself, what did you feel when you ate that? What did you feel when you did that? Let's let's talk about it.

And I couldn't tell you. I was so fast to anesthetize myself. I didn't feel it. I didn't know what it was. I wouldn't let the pain come into my body.

I anithetized myself before I felt or even acknowledged what it was. I can't even tell you what the feeling was. I am so good at an advertising myself. Gone. Nothing.

So I sat there and I was like, okay. You did not even allow that to come near you. I am so terrified of feeling pain, of feeling not worthy. I don't even know that I feel it. And yet it is reflected in everything I do, in my health, my wealth, my weight, my business, my career, and my money.

You are an advertising yourself. 2 hours later, I get a phone call from one of my friends. She says, can I just talk something out with you? I said, sure. She said, I woke up this morning.

I got a cold. This is the 3rd cold I've had this month. Why am I sick again? And I said, what were you doing when you got sick? So she thought about it and she said, oh, well, I opened my bank account And I realized that I had gotten a fee for not transferring enough money, and I have overextended myself on my credit card again.

And I told myself that I was useless and terrible and stupid, and I shouldn't have got myself in that situation. I slammed the lid shut, and then I got sick. And I was like, what did you feel before you got sick, before you pushed it down into your body? She said, I don't know. I didn't even wanna feel it.

I just got sick. And I said, we are so good at an advertising. We no longer experience or feel anything. Oh, but we feel joy. And yet all we had to do was sit for that moment, take a big breath and ask ourselves, what am I experiencing right now?

What am I feeling right now? And we go to those links not to experience it. Now you have 90 seconds to feel an emotion. When an emotion comes into your body, It will stay there for 90 seconds. No longer.

This is a fact It's an amazing book by Jill Bolt Taylor. She's a neuroscientist. She has a TED Talk. She had a stroke at thirty seven years old. And as a neuroscientist got to watch herself having a stroke.

She got to watch her body shut down bit by bit her brain. And she wrote a book about it, and it is extraordinary. But one of the most extraordinary things she teaches is you only experience emotion in your body for 90 seconds. Now had I sat at that computer done a breathing exercise that opened my belly up, instead of a shallow short breath, had I sat there and asked that question What am I feeling right now? This is only gonna stay in my body for 90 seconds.

I can handle this. I know it's about self value. I know it's about being not good enough. I know it's about self hate, and I know it's gonna hurt me. I know it's about pain.

Had I asked for that to come into my body for 90 seconds? I could have dealt with it without avoiding it, pushing it down, swallowing it, eating it, making me sick, or just responding in my own coping mechanism mechanism, because what it would have showed me is what I need to work on. And I'm so anesthetized you are so anesthetized, you can't even measure up or or even connect the feeling with what you were experiencing in that moment. Now if that is true, if you can only experience emotion for 90 seconds, then that means everything, joy, fear, anger, rage, lust? Jealousy.

So in order to empower something past the 92nd mark, because she just She she says it right there, no matter what the emotion or its degree of intensity, the feeling and its effects will pass in less than 2 minutes. Taylor notes that the bio chemicals produced when a person experience in emotion lasts for 90 seconds. So in order for you to hold a feeling in your body for longer than 90 seconds, you have to re empower it with an old story. So if you feel rejection, 90 seconds, you're gonna feel pain in your body. You take that pain and you breathe it in.

Breathe it straight into your body. And for 90 seconds, I do not care if you wail like a three year old child who's had its candy taken away, you stand in that pain and feel it. But when that ninety seconds is up, you do not connect it to an old story. Because the next thing that's gonna happen is your body's gonna go, this is pain. This is pain.

I don't want this pain, and then your brain, your ego brain, is gonna say this always happens to you. It's because you're useless and hopeless and stupid and ugly and fat and not good enough, and nobody's going to love you, and everybody gonna reject you because you're not good enough to have this. And that story is going to give you a new 90 seconds and it's a 90 seconds that you're very familiar with. And there's a whole lot of coping mechanisms along the way but guess what? Every ninety seconds, you're gonna re empower it with an old story until you're in bed.

And you're unable to move. Or until you stop it, push it into your body, and it becomes an illness, when you can no longer feel it, or until it debilitates you, and you can no longer take responsibility for yourself, because you can no longer feel it, and therefore, it is not anything I'm doing. And then you've got all the other coping mechanisms. I can drink it. I can smoke it.

I can take drugs. I can abuse alcohol. I can abuse food. And there are so many distractions in there but not once did you just stop and breathe it in? So what I'm going to do today is I'm going to empower you for 90 seconds whenever you feel any form of emotion to say you got 90 seconds in my body, and I'm going to confront you.

90 seconds. Alright? And you're going to let it in.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 03 - Distraction ====
