==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 10 - What Are You Not Getting ====

So I want you to get a piece of paper and I want you to write the 5 things my parents did right and the 5 things my parents did wrong. You can do the 50 things. You can do the 500 things. But here's the thing. If you don't do it, and and let's not fantasize.

Sometimes we lose a parent and we imagine that they were the world's best parent, that my mother is for all intents and purposes an incredible woman and an amazing mother, but I could still think of 5 things she didn't have that I wish she had. I can still think of 5 things she did wrong. I could still think of 5 ways that she could have communicated better. She could have been involved in, that she could have maybe engaged in with me. I want you to write that so many times that basically you start to lose the illusion that your parents were either perfect or your parents were bad because even the worst parents in the world give you this incredible gift.

And sometimes it's very hard to forgive when you cannot see above compassion, and it's very hard to forgive until you start looking at the good things. So whenever my friends have very defunct parents, the first thing I'll say to them is tell me something good she did. Tell me something good he did. And they'll be like, nothing. There's nothing good.

And I said, yes, there is. There's something in there. There's something in that Marie, when you were a child, they did something. It might have been something so simple. They made something.

They showed you something. They took you somewhere. Maybe they taught you something, maybe they taught you something positive by doing something negative. Maybe what they did was they showed you that they couldn't do this, and therefore, you were driven and compelled to become successful in another area. That is because of them.

That is not in spite of them, but that is something you learned about them. And I feel like one of the most important things you can do is write this list. I think that you can really forgive mom and dad at the end of the day when we're going to talk through questions, I would love to hear anybody that feels they cannot forgive their parent, but I feel right now that if you really lay out what is good and what is bad and you start looking at both, and the fact that you are here and you are now and that you're perfect and that you're capable of great love, you can transcend them. And I know that you can both spiritually and physically transcend your parents. You can show them the way with money.

You can show them the way with love. You can do this for them, but you must have the compassion to stop being the little kid that didn't get what they want first. Okay? And I feel like this is a really, really important step. I also want you to do it because I want you to work through what you are now going to give your children in terms of life pain because you have not worked through that yourself.

Now there is something that you are not getting now and you're blaming them. And the perception is is if I'd had the world's perfect parents, I would have this. Now I did this dream scenario where I wrote down, you can do it if you feel like you need to. I wrote down if my parents were perfect. I would have finished my education.

I would have not stopped playing 2 instruments. I would have if my parents were engaged, I would have been successful at this if my parents had let me I would have done drama class. I would have, you know, done this. And I started to write all of these things out that I would have got had I had the perfect mum and dad And I don't mean a dream scenario. I mean, the mom and dad that I had just fully engaged in me.

And as I started to write this list of things, I started to see this really cool thing happen. On the list of things was everything I wanted. And I'm saying I didn't get it because mom and dad weren't engaged in my life as a child. And then suddenly, suddenly I realized that there was a lot of things on that list that I really want, so I turned it into, do it yourself list, then go and do it yourself. I even did things like, had my parents noticed that I'd stopped performing at the age of fourteen because I was going through something at school had they noticed that I would have been performing all of my teens and twenties, and then I wouldn't have been forty years old trying to get on stage to talk and too terrified to share my story because I was so crippled by stage fright.

Like, I took I went right down to That is because mom and dad did not notice that I fell out with my girlfriends when I was fourteen. Like, I blamed my parents for just about everything I wasn't getting now I can't save money because my dad's not good with money and therefore now I can't ask for money and say, okay, I get it. Dad's not good with money. He his business failed. He was twenty three years old because he couldn't ask people for money, but here's the thing.

He was twenty three. What twenty three year old can go around asking creditors for money? My dad lost his business at twenty three years old and never started another one, and then he taught us growing up, well, you just go to work and you work hard and then you leave at 5 o'clock and you let them worry about you let them have all the pain, you let them worry about the stress. You just be a hard worker. So he taught me to work hard, but I'm annoyed at him because he also told me that that was my limit.

He didn't tell me I could my own business, that I could make my own money, that I could make $20,000 a week if I wanted to, because he couldn't. And so the thing is is go through the perception of what you would have if you'd had this perfect childhood and then understand that everything, the love the opportunity, the education, the support is all available to you now if you allow it. The love, the opportunity, the education, the support is all yours, if that's what you want. And then suddenly, you can have whatever you want. There's no mom and dad standing in the way.

There's a big dream. There's a fear there's a pain. I keep calling it the fear path. Don't say there's a pain path that's going up there that you're gonna have to walk, but now you no longer have the ball and chain of not being good enough, not having a mom and dad that's good enough. Now some people get perfect parents sure.

I don't know if there's any such thing. And some people get the horrendous most horrendous parents you could possibly imagine, but the truth is is you are capable of doing this for yourself now. And the ball and chain of your childhood, remember the first slide, if I was born low so low socioeconomic, if I was born with homeless parents with addicts, am I worthy of changing my class? Can I leave my tribe, even if my tribe is one of shame? Can I leave my stigma of my race?

Can I leave the stigma? Of what society says you're a poor family, so you can't have this. And can I exceed my parents? Is it okay to earn more money, them, be more powerful than them, spiritually transcend them, physically transcend them, Yes. Because they're not your rules.

They're just your limits. Your parents are simply operating on as much as they had. You're seeking more, and you already have the power to walk past them to be more than them. To teach them. I drew this image, when I was lying in bed in 2000, it was called torn.

I always felt torn. I always felt so torn and half, like, duality and just ripped in the middle. I always felt broken even though I had no reason to be broken. And I also always felt for the first time that I was seeing the mirror of me for the first time, and this is frightening. So a lot like the pain path, this one's not gonna sit very comfortably with you because in order to face this, you need to step up yourself.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 10 - What Are You Not Getting ====
