==== Start of Transcript: 16 Unfolding ====

So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna start bringing our awareness into our daily ritual every single day followed by acceptance. Then as we slowly come forward to what we want and start to empower that and put up boundaries and make boundary time to live your dreams and create what you want with your thought work. I would love to believe that unfolding your desires is like sitting in a hammock in a beautiful beach in Fiji. And you're just visualizing this perfect for me future. But when you're a people, please, and you don't know where you start and where you end or what you want, it just feels impossible and stuck.

You may also be strongly fixated on your partner or someone else or a job or a family situation that feels that you can't leave it. Now this workshop is not about fixing anything. You're not broken. I'm not asking you to leave anything or anyone, and don't you blame me. Unless it's abusive, Mostly.

I'm asking you to fill it with love. So even if a relationship is coming to an end, maybe it's just run its natural course, maybe, you know, you're just filling the space with love, but it's just you can fill. That relationship with so much love that it facilitates both parties growing away from resentment to fully love and experience themselves. You don't have to leave a relationship in hate. That's just you trying to create a negative situation to force change And, you know, when you're forcing change, because you just hate the situation, you're forcing a person away from you.

You're just forcing them away from you because there's no forgiveness There's no middle ground. No one's taking a knee. It's just blame, blame, ah, and then all of a sudden it's disconnection, and you can fill the space with so much love that both parties grow away from resentment to fully love and experience themselves in that moment while they are separating in love. Because we should be loving ourselves enough that when somebody doesn't love us anymore or chooses to walk off in a different path, it doesn't change the love I have for myself. That's honoring you, that's honoring them, and thanks everything that they bought to the table.

I accept it. I can't then change it. I can't, then accept it. Yes. You can.

You can change. And when you can't change, you can change the way you feel about it. So you are unfolding. If you're confused about what you want, stay in unfolding in your daily practice. Unfolding is to find out who you really are.

And it's to find out those parts of yourself that you really wanna bring forward, and you can analyze your relationships. You can analyze your life to death You are not trying to fix anything. You're not broken. You are creating the new you with new boundaries. So when you're ready to work on one area, put it in your daily ritual and unfold it.

Take it for a drive. My thoughts, my emotions, take it for a drive. Focus on this one area Listen to your brain. Listen to those idiots. Process that.

Listen to your emotions around it. Process that. Pick up to believe, to help you discern the bullshit, pick up acceptance, to help you accept all the bullshit. And if you see self hate hair tiking, Nope. How do I bring more value to each of these areas of my life?

Stop trying to fix them or change them. To focus on change would be to focus on what you were. And people pleaser, that doesn't mean giving more value away to others but not to yourself. This is your list to unfold. These are your desires, your dreams, your wants.

Nobody knows them. So where do you feel seen and heard and loved and honored and respected and valued and when? And when you When you, what are you doing when you feel all of those things? Where are you? Who are you with?

When you speak your goals in dreams, do you get goosey skin? Because that's activated. And, no, it is not about other people. It's never about other people, or you know when you're with that one person, but if it's that one person, If this one person lights you up, then it's them bringing the feeling to you. It's not coming from you, or you would have this feeling all the time.

So work out what the action and feeling is that lights you up when you're with this person and start giving it to yourself. Let's start with certainty and conviction. And the fastest way to find out what you want is to write a huge list of what you don't want anymore. And you start there and you do it with the conviction of Dale Carnegie's people who stood up in stage and said, I don't want this in need more. I found myself 9 years into business, and I was wilting, dying.

I'd stopped growing. My avoidance was at an all time high. And when I avoid, My go to is I abuse my body with overconsumption, which gives me chronic inflammation and arthritis in physical pain, pain, followed by intense self hate and self judgment and criticism. That's just my go to little pattern of stuckness. Now I observe it.

It cycles me down quickly. My thoughts and my feelings start screaming. Those two, three year olds are having an epic tantrum in the front seat, self hates in the back with fear and old story again. And I have a meltdown in any time in my life that I've gotten to breaking point where I have just I melt down. I rem I have removed myself to self care to self soothe, which was to cry binge, remember, And when I get to that pain center, I could hear this voice.

I was crying and rocking and grieving and screaming, and I could just hear this voice just constantly. Yeah. I didn't want this anymore. I didn't want this anymore. I didn't want this anymore.

I didn't want this anymore. And just saying it interrupts. So I sat down and I wrote a list of what I don't want anymore. I said, sister, girlfriend, get up now. Get yourself a pad.

I went somewhere quiet. I took a pad and ink pen, and I said, what do you want? And I wrote it down, and it was a big dream. And then I looked at it. And I said, how do I do that if you say how you sent it back?

And, of course, I sent it back. And, of course, it fell out of reach. And then it got, I got so stuck and so frustrated, and they wrote my, I don't want to do this list anymore. And it was when I wrote that list that I really changed because that was pretty much a list of feelings that I felt whenever I was doing all of these things that I don't wanna do, and then I wrote my, I hate doing this list, and I called it the hate list and I wrote out all the things I hated doing in my life at home in business, and it was 95% of my day. And I looked at that.

I don't wanna do this list anymore. And I was like, hey, people, please, 95% of your day is killing you. I hate doing what I'm doing. And when I read it, I felt sick and sadness and shame. I hate my day.

I hate my business. I hate my life. And after 24 hours of crying, Benching, I said, enough. I am not going to fight this anymore. I'm gonna outsource everything on that list, and I'm gonna create some boundaries.

And I'm gonna find a way And that is exactly what I did. I spoke out the desire. It was 2009. I wanted an international career. I moved to Australia, and I started again.

And this time, I didn't work off my hate list. There was no hate. I wanted something, but I was not walking towards it. Suffering. I wanted something real bad, but I wasn't in value or in alignment every day, so I was getting exactly what I was putting out there.

Hey, I knew I wanted to stand up here, but I wasn't writing amazing content and putting it out there. I was doing, like, The old work, trading time for money, wilting again, constantly getting boxed into not living my boundaries. I had just boxed myself in again. And every single person I over helped and over and upset over for rejecting me was in my way. You are as free as you believe you are.

So when you unfold who you really are, what you really want, You stop holding on to what it will look like. You don't know what it's gonna look like. It's what it feels like. Not the superficial. You don't make goals and superficial.

You make goals for a feeling. You even make goals that make you feel good because you know when you get that, that's the feeling. It's the feeling you're looking for. Don't try to unfold someone else. Stay in the mirror.

You don't need to convince anyone of what you want. Just start seeing it, saying it, doing it, and being it yourself. Show them. Don't tell them. You don't need anyone's permission to be more.

Your growth will not hurt another living soul. If it does, it's not growth, it's competition. Check yourself. When you're unfolding this, tell me more about you. Honor your desires and your dreams.

Honor your body, honor your space, your relationships, your boundaries, honor your path, honor your business. Honor your clients with equal exchange. What area are you going to empower first? And if you could come to mastery doing anything, what would it be? And if you could start your dream business, what would that be?

If you could attract the partner you've always wanted, what does that feel like? And if you could fill yourself up with so much loving self confidence, what would that look like and feel like? And if you started to call it this attention and this evidence and this energy, Are you ready to say yes to it? When you say I want that, when they give you an opportunity to get up there, are you ready for that? When I screamed at the universe, my declaration to self love, screamed my declaration of self love, screamed it.

I was saying this.

I would say yes to every opportunity because I want this.

Hang on, man.

I'm faced down my fan. Get up on that stage, and

I will not swing back. I'm being really dramatic. Universe. I'm about

to leave, and you will get me.

I yelled it out. You know, if you provide this for me, I will do this, this and the, I just keep bargaining. I was bargaining. That's how I started. I was bargaining for what I wanted as I counted my scandi store.

So I realized I didn't need to bargain anymore. I want. Universe provides the only person that stops it is my emotions and my thoughts. List goal setting is powerful. And sometimes it's hard to see what you want.

So if you're struggling to write your goal list, go straight to, I don't want this anymore, and write that list because that one will blow your mind. And for your I want list, you have to ask with everything you write down, why do I want it? Why is it important to you? What is in the way? And what has to change for me to have it?

What do you believe will be different when you get this? Alignment brings action. Being in alignment is thought work. It's positive focus, clear emotion, That's when your brain and your heart want the same thing, and you feel good about creating it. That's when you step forward, And when you start to see evidence that it's working and that you are growing, learn to ask for work, by making an offer of value.

Learn to ask for money and time when it's owed to you. That's equal exchange. Learn to ask for support without control. So you ask for help by taking full responsibility of the problem. And somebody is helping you come to your solution.

Learn to open up your heart to what you want to create. As soon as you say, I don't want this anymore, you have to find a solution for that thing. Or it's going to become uning. Isn't it? When you say I don't want this anymore, you have to come to a solution.

My greatest fear in business is that people would find out that it didn't have an education. But, you know, there is an illusion that business is actually hard, and it's not. It's just a learning curve. It is hard until you find your value and your system. And then you're away.

So when you write that hate list, you gotta find a solution for everything you hate. And then you have to burn it. You can't keep the hate list. And if you're still doing something on that hate list, next week, next month, next year, you did not, you did not honor yourself. So when you write it, you burn it, you find solutions for it, and you fill yourself with so much love that you can find us that you can find a solution for it.

You know, the uni to become is very strong, and it can throw us off. I wanna be independent. I wanna be my boss. Like, I wanna be their boss. I wanna be seen.

I want to be the best. I want to work with great purpose. I wanna make money flow I want to be respected. I want to leave a legacy of my work. I want my children to see me create my dreams, and I want to change lives.

And I want to live to the fullest and the most beautiful life that I can. That is an inner calling. If you want anything in that space, that is an inner calling for you to grow and expand. And if you want more, Learn to be more. A calling.

Not a yearning. A calling is something you answer. A union goes unanswered forever, a desire, an obsession, We spend a lot of our time resisting our own desire to become more. And yet now I feel like I'm just in a butterfly park with a room full of chrysler. Right?

And I'm about to see just how amazing you all are when you open up.

==== End of Transcript: 16 Unfolding ====