==== Start of Transcript: 08 Money ====

Oh, I love talking about money. When I took away my money shame and broke my poverty cycle, I realized that people just don't talk about money. I take all the shame away from money. My very open dialogues with all the people I love, very openly, about the equal exchange of money, And this is so powerful because money is a value metric, and it's just energy. So whatever bank account you have now, whatever flow you have right now, whatever things you have right now, it's in direct proportion to how much you valued and focused in that area and Money is a big one.

I had to absolutely reprogram myself around money. So who has control of your money? Right now if you don't. And are you in lack, or are you in love with your money? Do you value money?

Oh, everyone says yes. But if you don't have any, you don't. Do you fight over money? Different spending energy, maybe, different avoidance behaviors and money, like, hey, if money becomes your avoidance, then somebody else in the relationship might be like, where'd all that money go on my avoidance? And because it's shame, you're gonna hide that.

It's gonna ruin your relationship. Money, ugh, causes so many problems. Right? The craziest thing, you will never attract more than what you believe you are worth. I have never seen shame attached to people the way it does.

To being in debt or being poor or broke. I grew up in a working class home. We lived month to month, always just enough, but just enough to survive, not thrive. Money did not flow into our house, and if it did, it flowed straight out again. Now I have a deep love of watching people smash their money blocks.

You know this. And all that old programming around money. I love to teach people how to create money, flow in their lives, and and correct their inherited poverty cycles, not their poverty cycles, the ones they inherited. Because I am free of money, shame, I have the power. Money is energy, and we repel it with guilt and shame.

Don't ask for it. Can't ask for it. Even when it's owed to us, That's shame. Pride, never an equal exchange. Only ask for enough only receive enough.

Now money has the worst energy when people are out of balance with it. People abuse money, and they use you for it. Okay? They will take it when they don't know how to get it themselves. Money breeds jealousy and bitterness and resentment.

Money divides partners, breaks up businesses and marriages. And the reason money does that is because we get so out of balance with money, and we don't value it and bring it abundantly into our lives. Money breeds jealousy because when people are trying to do what you've done, build what you've built, that rejection they feel becomes obsession. And when it becomes an obsession, it comes They have this, and I don't. You can see why people living in a rejected state always of self value.

Think it's everybody else taking from them, and they get so better. And I was the queen of bitterness, My gallbladder was rotting and dying and collapsing with bitterness because I just felt like everybody had success and I didn't, and I couldn't work it out. You use money for stress relief. You use it to overspend to feel good, but then it gets you in trouble quick. Use money to manipulate people.

And when you give someone money, you disempower them from finding their own value. Stop giving your adult children money If they don't learn this hard lesson, they're going to be disabled for the rest of the adult lives. How do you manage it, receive it, reject it, save it, ask for it. You gotta go through all of the value filters here. Most people start to come to awareness of how stuck and old programming they are around money.

Just listen to your judgment, your speaking voice, when you judge somebody with oodles of cash, like, oh, that's disgusting or bad money juju, or you say things like, I wish, must be nice. Too expensive. I can't afford it. I can't believe it. I can't believe I'm worth this.

I can't imagine having this money. I can't imagine having that much money. It's not congruent. Your speech is saying it, seeing it, believing it. It's very obvious.

You can't even fathom what it would be like to have money. How do you think you're gonna get it? You've gotta open up to what it feels like to have money where you're completely free of your debt and your pain. You've gotta open up to what that feels like, but then you have to speak it into existence. Don't speak it away.

I was far too educated, sorry, and ignorant at the time to understand the learning curve I needed for the 1st 2 years in business, I just assumed it was easy. If you had money, you built a business and everybody comes. Okay. So it's actually the other way around. Right?

You know, you start to create and the money starts to come, but I would say I just need somebody to give me $30,000, and I could start business, but it wouldn't have worked. You will not do this. You will just do more of what you're already doing with money. So if you're currently blowing through it, you will blow through that 30,000. Because you've not changed the way you think about it, You've not changed the way you speak about it.

You've not changed the way you treat it or value it or manage it or spend it. It changed that first and watch the money show up. Money needs direction. You just have to tell money where to go. Say, go to my savings account for now, and then I'll redirect you further.

Then look at that bank account every day and hold that focus in a mind and emotional state of joy and heart, connectedness, and focus, and watch it grow. It's unbelievable. All of a sudden, you'll be receiving more. I couldn't receive. I couldn't receive money.

I couldn't receive love, and I couldn't receive help. Was I gonna get where I wanted to go if I couldn't receive any of those things? I was not giving myself value in any of those areas. The most fascinating and life changing education I have experienced was learning to sell my work and receive money. And what I learned was about giving, not receiving.

Because when I first started to start my business and sell my work, I could not ask for money, and I was failing really, really badly. And all I wanted was people are like, you're not receiving. You're not receiving. I'm not receiving. Nobody's offering me a damn thing.

Because you're not giving. So I started giving and giving and giving and giving and giving and giving and giving and then I burned out giving and then someone said, now you've received. And I'm like, oh, And then they balanced that up. And yes, every human or non narcissist has a fear of rejection. It's biological.

I want acceptance from the tribe, and somehow we believe money is the value currency but money is just energy. You're actually talking about equal exchange. And in equal exchange, you have to say This is my exchange rate. This is what I'm worth. You're putting that value out there as a number.

How could business not make me come to the altar with money? I could not have a successful business until I found my value, and my ego fought it when I've got enough, people will pay me. So I'm just gonna get If I get better than people who just pay me, they'll give me money and I'm better than those people over there and I'm better than them, you know, and I do vote myself and my work, and I do value money, then where is it? You can't seek meaning only in external form. You can't find validation in the external form.

Because money is not meaning. Money has no meaning until you give it a scenario or experience where you get meaning, the money did not bring that to you. The more valuable I am, the more valuable My product is the more valuable I am, not the other way around. People buying your craft is not validation. That you're good enough.

It means you provided a product, a service, and an experience, and they saw the value in that and paid for that product service and experience. They value it, so your incomes in direct reflection to your value and intention. You cannot possibly attract more money, more wealth, more abundance, if you do not value us, value yourself enough to step up and receive it because you're not asking for it. Is woman we wait to be chosen? Socially conditioned to meet our provider.

It's an ancient Christian ceremony and a property exchange. And I have never met more women, disempowered around money until I stood up on this stage and started to teach business. But now we're equals financially career education, property owners, CEOs, moms, Money needs direction. You gotta be clear so it knows where to go, money makes you more of what you already are. Money is an amplifier.

And whatever you're currently doing with money, how you treat it, how you manage it, how you attract it, how you value it, how you direct it. None of that changes if someone gives that to you. So we always think we wanna be free of pain. And to be free of pain, it would be good if somebody just gave us a whole lot of money so we could clear all the pain. You see what you're saying?

You can't buy off the pain with somebody else's money. Within 3 months, the pain will be back again. When you give people money, they redistribute wealth. They've done it. This is it's actually a test.

They've done it an entire Groups, huge groups of people, communities of people. They redistribute the wealth so that everybody has the same amount of money. And it takes 3 months to go back to the people who value money and 3 months for the people who don't value money to lose it. It goes straight back to the same People who attract it keep hold of it. Okay?

And those that are disempowered and are leaking money most certainly have lost it again, that is a fact. So I had blue collar, hardworking parents that lived month to month their whole lives. I broke the poverty cycle in my family. But this is not so when I say, you know, that my poverty cycle or my in money around energy was old programming around my mom and dad, It's really interesting. When I break it down, my dad was, like, bad with money, but my mom was the reason we ended up buying a house in their 4 late forties.

They bought a house And it was because my mom saved that deposit. So she was good with money. She just didn't have enough to work with. My dad just liked to throw it around, And I'm his craved daughter, so I just like to burn it too, but my big brother wasn't normally. My big brother was just this kid.

That could save money. We would get money for like a Christmas present, and he would keep it. So it was the weirdest thing I would spend it. So we also both, my big brother and I found our mastery and our value in our careers. And now my sister is now stepping into hers.

She's no in her fifties, but she's finding her I'm I'm showing my sister the path to value right now, and she's walking it so fast. And it's incredible watching her do that but nobody values monies or thing or experiences the same, so we're all different. So when I think about my sister's money situation, my little brother, my big brother, and myself, were all so uniquely different. Surely, this is not something you learn in a family. You You can make your own money roles.

So my brother values saving. K. That is his highest value. He lives frugally. Modestly, they have a nice home and a nice, nice cars.

Just nice. He also has a nice fishing boat. And here's the definition of the millionaire next door. Saves 20%, redistributes and vests, lives modestly, always comfortable. That book is my brother.

But I was not like that. I love to spend money. And as a kid, he would keep his Christmas money all year. And I'd spent mine by 9 am on Boxing Day. So my father would say My father My father didn't manage money well, and I we would not have had I can absolutely tell you we would not have bought a house had my mom not been able to frugally say for that deposit.

But they thought my brother had a magical gift. My parents this is at 10, eleven years old. My brother had a gift. He could save money. And my parents, like, they kinda idolized it.

And it made me feel extra bad because I was the spender, right? So every time they idolized his saving, my inability to save meant that I was bad. So I was like, well, he's good with money, and I'm bad with money. So I just grew up thinking I was bad with money. Even though I never had it, when I did get it, it fell through my fingers.

I could always attract it, but never hold on to it. So my dad would always say to me as a kid, oh, you wanna go and spend your money, don't you? It's 9 AM, and you wanna go spend it already. It's already spent. Isn't it?

It's burning a hole in your pocket? And I would just sit there thinking, oh, yeah. I do. But Dad was shaming me. And when you threw shame, it's yours.

So he's shaming me for having the same pattern that he had, and the reason I had the pattern he had is because he's my great parent, and I'm emulating it. So it wasn't mine, and I had to work that out. So here's my brother with this magical gift to save. Everyone's shaming me around my inability to save money out I'm a really good saver. I just valued things, and my brother doesn't value things.

My brother value savings. So I wanted things. I wanted nice things. And I wanted them around me. And I wanted to have experiences and expensive dinners.

And I wanted to stay in a nice hotel And I wanted to go to a hair salon and buy a house. My parents weren't doing all of these things. They should have been They deserved all of those things, but I could see that as a kid. When you're a boojie kid and your parents are hardworking blue collar, humbled people. Can you imagine?

I learned when I got older that I made my parents feel bad. They told me this. You just, like, you just came out and was like, I want this, and I want that. And it's, like, great Veruica Salt, but you were born into the wrong family. And I felt bad about wanting more.

Like, it wasn't my place to have more or ask for more, because my family didn't. So who was I to say that? And then if they shamed me, then surely I'm no one to go out there and ask for more. But it was because I could give them more. And we did all of those bushy dinners.

Before dad died, we did trips overseas, and they saw the Grand Canyon, and I wanted my parents to have these things and have these beautiful experiences in these fancy gifts. And I bought them a car, and I'd showered them with everything they should have had when I was growing up, and they enjoyed every experience with me because that is my highest value, and that is not what they value. What they valued was just spending quality time with me. I was a booty kid. I learned that how I am with money is this.

I like booj so I learned that in order to save and have boojie life, I needed to find my value and then run towards it. I worked out how much money I would need to direct and focus growth to have the life that I want it. First, I did that survival budget. You know, that simple survival, what you ask for, basic survival needs This is the least amount of money I can earn a month to survive. Subscribe.

Put that number down. It's a metric. You've gotta accept it. You gotta look at it. K?

And then I did my dream budget, my Thrive budget, and it included spending and saving, because I wanna do both. It included traveling. I was just looking at what everything was showing up that I wanted. And I was putting it on that list. What I would really need to thrived to have that life.

I wasn't earning that money, but I was just like, this is my survival life. Just dream the Thrive life. Like, just dream it. Walk the multiverse. Don't ask how.

Walk the multiverse. What does it look like if I went down this sliding door, this sliding door, this What does it look like if I walk down this path, chose this? Walk that multiverse. Come on back. Keep finding the path that lights you up, and you'll just see that as you come up in value, the more you ask for, the more it's gonna show up no more and no less.

And the best part about that is when you're asking for your Thrive budget, the Thrive budget shows up minded and it stayed. I wasn't asking for Thrive money. I was begging for survival money every month. And when you beg for survival money, you live in a focus of lack, you attract more lack, but the universe provides. So when you do that final beg and say, I just need to pay rent.

The universe said she needs some rent. Send it down. And you get that rent. But you're like, shit, and some food. She needs some food.

Send her a meal. And you get a meal. And you're like, and I need something, and you get just that because you get no more and no less than what you ask for. And, you know, we sit there and beg in that bad focus, in that bad, do do you focus with no alignment? And we sit there and beg for what we want, and what we want shows up every single time, but it's never Many gives you more options.

I wanna get old with more options. I want I held my grandmother in my arms when she passed. It was my dream. I said, if there's a god in heaven, you'll let me hold you in your arms. When you're ready to go and I will look you in the eye and tell you you're safe and you're loved.

And you can leave this world, and I was there. And I did that, and I helped her. And I loved her, and I watched her leave this world. And I thought about the nursing home that she spent the last 3 years in. You know, left that day, and I cried hard.

No said, I did not have the income to take you out of there. To take your little place. You were there for 3 years. No. I've never let my parents rock.

I will never I will do what it takes to give them the end that they deserve. And I wanna grow old with options too because money doesn't come to those who are good My parents were good people. The metric is not good and bad. Bad people get rich. Bad people make money all the time.

The metric is worthy. Or unworthy, and you're the only person that decides that it's you. I want more options, more options to do what I really want to do, to live how I want to live, and doing what you really want to do is how you get rich. So you never have to work again. What does being rich mean to you?

What's the number on being rich? Everyone has a different idea of what being rich is and how much is rich How much is consistently showing up for you to feel good and feel good? Walk that multiverse, work it out, see it. You cannot sell something of value or offer a service of value until you feel value doing this service. So when the alignment to create is infused with purpose and your value.

It's magic. It's just magic. 8 areas to fill with love. Relationship with money. Fill it with love.

Fill your relationship with money. Get rid of strip back your old programming, create a money goal, Smash it. Take away money pain. You do this by waking up opening your bank account, looking at it, and taking that feeling away because you are in control. Take control of your debt.

Smash it. Nothing feels better. Look at it every day until the shame goes away, because as soon as you kick fear out of the car, old, sorry, soon as you Soon as you kick old story out of the car, where you can stay in the back, you realize that you can be whatever you want. With money. This old program and this old way you think about it, it's not true.

Money self care daily is to remove the shame and take control. That's money self care. Now if you ever want to know how to hold a space for money shame, you need somebody that can hold shame for you in a space. I can go to Nikki. I can hold Nikki can hold a space for me, and I hold a space for her.

We're not holding a space to get, advice. She's holding a space for me to see the reflection from her back to me of what I'm stuck on. One of the first things you can do is find somebody you know with equal money shame. And Thank you. Find somebody you know with equal money, shame, and bring your shame to the light with them.

Make a joke about it, get funny. I have debt chain, and it's killing me. And then the other person goes, bring it to the lie. Let's look at it. You just put it on the table and you'll discuss it.

Okay. It's not that bad. Yeah. Yeah. It's really bad.

Is that it really? Okay. Well, well, let's make a plan. Let's get rid of it. But first, you take the shame away.

And you do that by looking at it every day and taking control. Then we have acceptance. We have to accept our debt. If you have it right now, just accept it. If you're blaming somebody else for that debt, avoidance.

It's yours. Nobody else got you that debt, even if it's like, I lost this. They took this from me. Nope. It's yours.

Okay. So get to acceptance over your debt. And get to accept sense of any resentment about that debt. Because if you are holding resentment about debt, you're impairing it with hate. Strong emotion.

Then we've got money awareness. Where do I lose money, leak money, give money away? Where am I constantly not seeing value and equal exchange in my money life? Stop them now. Say no.

Keep the money for yourself. Protect the castle now. I'm gonna teach you how to say no. Money love, cultivate, equal exchange, service, find your value. Money's good.

You can love money. You can. You can love all the options it brings you. It's not for the love of money. Money brings for the love of you, whatever you want, just more options to be more, to do more.

You must give money direction. Otherwise, it doesn't know where to go. You have to actually give it direction. The fastest way to give money direction is give it a goal. When I opened a bank account to save, I called it my home.

I called the savings account, my home. I was saving for a home. Every time I read that, my brain knew the direction that money was going. It was home. And when I said it, a home appeared in my mind.

And when that home appeared in my mind, my emotions said, I want that. And then my heart said, yes. You're gonna do that. And then my focus said, I'm buying a home. Let's go every day.

What do I need? The more savings? Okay. I'm gonna look for it. And I keep getting into alignment every day with wanting that I gave it direct I gave my money, direction, and purpose and clarity.

And as soon as it has direction, purpose and clarity, it keeps coming because you're asking for that amount, that thrive amount, and you're living there, and it's showing up. So if you are living just enough to get by, you're not asking for more. If you're living just enough to get by right now, You are not asking for more. You are asking for just enough, and then you focus on what you don't have. It's simple.

It's so quick to change. The faster you can get out of your emotional cycle around this, the faster you can change it. And it's overnight. There is no growth in survival. None.

None. There are no plans. There are no dreams. Survival is your basic animal brain. So you don't make goals?

Make a goal to smash all debt first because as soon as you make a goal to smash the debt, it's really the shame that you're smashing first. Take the shame away. There is no shame about getting stuck in debt. It's something you have to learn to get yourself out of. The shame is holding you in debt.

And as soon as you release the shame around it, you can be free of the pain. As soon as you're free of the pain, you can conceptualize a path forward that is joyful. And if somebody can hold a space for you to look at that shame, that big, ugly thing, and not judge you and be completely okay with it so that you can see your own blocks, your own programming, and your own leaks, then you can fix it. Look at that Thrive budget. Look at Thrive budget and imagine that life Imagine that holiday.

What car would you buy? What does that feel like to own that car? What does it feel like to have all these things and go home to see my family for Thanksgiving? What are my friends judging me saying about me? Who supports me in this space of success and wealth?

Do I feel like I'm losing my tribe? Am I afraid? My people won't accept me. The very people who I belong to, can I outgrow them financially and stay okay in this group? No.

They will judge you. And if they're stuck, they will resent you, and that will make you feel bad about being more. Because someone who is stuck is holding you back and they're not really holding you back, you're just seeing a little mirror of fear come up and you think it's them holding you back, and that's your response as well. And you know that that is not true. If it feels like a fantasy, if it feels like a fantasy, what you're imagining that multiverse, bring it back to the next step.

The next step, the congruence. If you go off on a little fantasy tangent, come back. Because I want you, as you start to build these thoughts, and they're just thoughts. Remember, we're in our mind thinking about what we want. We're just thinking about what we want and walking the multiverse to see, well, if I did become this, what would that look like?

Let's have a look at it. You're just imagining. But in order to activate, you gotta feel it, and then you get excited. I can have this life. Yes, you can.

How much more money is there for you on that list, they have the freedom you want. Focus on that. Focus on that number. Tell the universe you're ready to start living that Thrive number and then put that on your self value daily ritual until it's flowing into your life. Give all of your money and money energy this direction of that goal.

Give it all your energy to that goal. Bring it into your life. This money, this energy, give it direction, with value and full faith that is available to you right now. In amen, it is done. Don't ask how you're gonna send it back.

I have another hundred pages I could talk about with just money. But money for me is a lot like weight. Everyone gets stuck on the system. And not the truth. It's not about money.

It's about self value. So I, on this next deep dive, this deep dive is gonna go really deep because I know money brings up so much. In fact, all of the deep dives are gonna bring up so much. And I can talk about money until the cows come home because I tell you, freeing my money pain and earning money, buying, becoming financially pended, making flow, investing true wealth, not fake wealth, not looking successful, but truly feeling wealthy, is the greatest transformation of your live daily practice, okay, plus your goals thriving actually requires me to ask for more. So every day, you're about to get up now from this day 4th, and you are about to ask the universe for more.

Okay? And to receive more, you understand why you must have these goals and dreams for yourself. Because without the clarity and direction, it goes nowhere. This is not a goal list for anybody else. You can ask for deeper connections, right, from all of your relationships with intent.

And you can ask for more quality time with people. You can ask for more love connection, but you cannot manifest growth change or action for another human being. You cannot You cannot. It's not possible. You cannot manifest growth or change or action for another human being.

Even if you can bring someone into alignment, They have to hold that alignment. As soon as they leave you and go out of alignment, they'll go back to my thoughts and my emotions and never complete that wheel. This is yours, your purpose, your growth, yours, Don't change another person. You can't. Every day, I do myself, value, ritual, around money.

Even now I do it, because, you know, I'll go 7 months, look at my savings account, and it has not moved. And I'll be like, I haven't saved any money. I haven't, like, direct I haven't directed it anywhere. And it just keeps it static. Money begets money.

It makes more money because you invest, it makes more money. And then you buy things, it makes more money. It makes more money. Money brings money. But don't get stuck on the money, just like don't get stuck on the diet.

It's not the problem. The problem is your value, your flow, and your ability to get into harmony with money and value it so you can start attracting massive amounts of it. Conscious awareness of my inner voice and the observer of my thoughts and my feelings, checking in, you know, on my give and take is really important. I wanna be in balance with what I give and what I take constantly. And then the emotional mastery of waking up every day clearing your magnetic energy field and sprinting towards what you love to do while you're just enjoying your life so much.

You have to work from where you want to be. And I never understood that. You have to work from where you want to be. So whatever you think you want to become, try just pretending to be it for a day and say, this is what it feels like. So I played a game with 3 of my friends.

We were not in the same space. I said, I want you to wake up next Tuesday, and I'm going to put $15,000,000 in your bank account. And you can do whatever you want. And then you just have to write it down and send it to me. And it blows my mind how people think money is gonna save them, how they think money is gonna change them, how they'll take that money I gave them and free everybody around them of debt and pain before they freed themselves.

Just absolutely crazy. So how do you work from where you are now when you wanna be over there We have to get out of that now mindset, which is I don't have it into the mindset of wanting it and allowing it. Not I already have it. People say act like you already have it. I don't understand that.

I don't have it, so I'm not gonna act like it. For me, it was understanding that as it's coming to me, I'm like, I'm making this happen. I have the power. That was more important to me, that energy. I can focus on what I want, and that will force the action, or I can focus on what I don't want and suffer.

==== End of Transcript: 08 Money ====