==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Notes 03 ====

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce: Now we get to vertical number four, and in personal brand we teach, I teach the steps as brand being number one, product being number two, brand being of face value, and product is a product of value. Money is a value metric. And as you've just learned, money is no more and no less than what you ask for and belief that you are worth.

[00:00:34] Sue Bryce: So the next step is number four, and that is business. Business is an equal exchange of value. What is an equal exchange of value? It is when you feel valuable. And you can price yourself in the perfect equal exchange of what you give. What you create, um, and what you receive is imperfect balance. You never burn out when you're in equal exchange Business and basic commerce.

[00:01:09] Sue Bryce: Is based around allure of the equal exchange of value. And people as you, um, know, when we talk about products, have a different point of desire and a different point of value, everybody has a unique point of value, whatever that is, and it's your job to create products of value. A lot of people ask me, how do I know when they're valuable?

[00:01:36] Sue Bryce: And the answer to that question is, it's valuable to you. When it's valuable to you, it starts to become valuable to other people. As you use it, share it, show it, sell it. And the most incredible part about equal exchange is really, this is where we bring up pricing. Again, you know, when you talk about creating products, you talk about pricing yourself.

[00:02:00] Sue Bryce: And if I connect pricing to self value only when you understand your margins. And you understand what you are getting as a percentage from this product. Once you learn that you learn to have higher margins, and you learn to have higher prices, which evolves your business and scales your business inevitably in a different way, especially small businesses and solopreneurs, but in this area of equal exchange.

[00:02:29] Sue Bryce: Brings up one of the most powerful transformations that you will reach as you build this brand around you and connect to it. And that is in Vertical Three Money. I said, you will go no further. If you don't break through this money mindset, so imagine you've broken through, you've got a great little brand that you've connected to your purpose.

[00:02:54] Sue Bryce: You've created products that you are in love with. You are showing up every single day. Your money, energy is open. You are, you are starting to get evidence and flow. You're starting to see income. You're starting to understand that the longer you stay in a creation energy, the faster you can create and sell and attract, and how magic happens because you're in a creator energy, not a competitive energy, and so all of a sudden you've got this evidence.

[00:03:24] Sue Bryce: Now something really extraordinary happens at this part of equal exchange. You start to see yourself as more, and in order to do that, you suddenly start to set boundaries. You see where you've been leaking money, you see where you've been wasting time. You see where you've been giving your energy away and not getting a return.

[00:03:46] Sue Bryce: All of a sudden you start to see yourself as a little bit more important than the way you are treating yourself. And you know what? Don't get too caught up in the way others treat you. It's a direct mirror of what you give away. And when you learn that you have these boundaries now and that you start to create this brand around you, and that this equal exchange is about you creating the time, the energy, and the value around you.

[00:04:10] Sue Bryce: You're going to stop giving yourself away to people that don't pay you or appreciate you or. Give you equal exchange, you suddenly start to ask for more. Because when you see yourself as more, you ask for more. Now, this is a pivotal moment in any business, whether you are reinvigorating a brand or reconnecting a brand or building a new one.

[00:04:35] Sue Bryce: This is the moment where you are getting outta your own way. Oh my friends, you are speaking out your value, your money channels are open. Your product is good. Your brand is connected and beautiful. This is where you're making money and you are now in equal exchange. Your goal as a business owner is to stay in balance, and the only way you can stay in balance is to take time away, make sure you are always in equal exchange of value.

[00:05:04] Sue Bryce: For instance, burnout comes. When you give yourself away and you don't ask for the time, you don't set a boundary, you don't ask for more money, and you just burn out because you're not connected. When you work from a connected energy, you are so invigorated to show up every day and that energy, you can't stop.

[00:05:24] Sue Bryce: It's like a drug. It truly is. They call it joy. And it will simply change your life when you start creating with joy, because then you understand you don't have to hustle. You have to create, you know, you don't have to have discipline. You have to have discipline to set time to create, and you've got to have some discipline or rather some courage.

[00:05:52] Sue Bryce: To set some boundaries. Business and equal exchange is where you will learn how your boundaries, how good your boundaries are. You're also gonna learn a lot of emotional intelligence, and the four areas of emotional intelligence is self-awareness. One of the most incredible things you will gain when you build this brand is this incredible self-awareness.

[00:06:14] Sue Bryce: This is one of the most important things that you can come to awareness as you are building a business. The next step in emotional intelligence is social awareness. Reading the room when you are marketing, networking, you know, having client experiences, any energy around your business will come down to this core, and there is nothing more powerful.

[00:06:39] Sue Bryce: Then walking into a room with self-awareness and understanding social awareness. And when you understand you are a business owner or a coach or a personality, or once you become a personal brand, you are a leader. You are somebody that stands on stage. You know you are the face people see when they open their phone, and that's the incredible part about being on this.

[00:07:05] Sue Bryce: Sort of personal brand journey is whatever you are becoming, that is going to be something that people look at and look up to. So this is where you start to elevate yourself, and it's one of the most incredible things. Self-awareness, social awareness. Next step in emotional intelligence is, would you believe this?

[00:07:27] Sue Bryce: You know. Relationship management and what more powerful thing in business could you learn than how to build and maintain relationships? Honestly, it is one of the single biggest things in business, even in corporate that you will learn is how to build and maintain relationships. The fourth step in emotional intelligence is how to manage, um, yourself.

[00:07:51] Sue Bryce: And, you know, managing yourself is one of the biggest things. You will grow. You will fall. You know, you will get bloody knees and there are times of great pressure. There are times where we grow too fast. There are times where an area of our growth can be so big and so huge. It will take over for a while before we course correct and come back to what our soul wants.

[00:08:20] Sue Bryce: It's easier to get lost in the ego when something's working, but I've seen it a million times. It doesn't matter how big your ego becomes, you know your authenticity is more powerful. Stay with that always, and you will never fall down. The people that fell down and failed were never people who tried.

[00:08:42] Sue Bryce: I've seen so many people try to create big brands and fail, but they didn't fail for any other reason than they did not launch their authentic self. And if you want a personal brand that's going to make thousands, um, or millions of dollars, then you need to find your authentic self and put that into your personal brand.

[00:09:05] Sue Bryce: One of the most incredible parts about building a business was it taught me an incredible amount of emotional intelligence. I not only have self-awareness and social awareness, I also have great self-management, and I have incredible relationship management and it has done me incredibly well over the last 23 years of business.

[00:09:26] Sue Bryce: Absolutely. You know, when you grow an awareness. You grow in emotional intelligence and then you grow in all areas of your life, including your income. But make no mistake about it, when you walk into a room, a networking event as a speaker, a coach, a personality, you know, a local business, um, you know, if you walk in there, you are somebody.

[00:09:52] Sue Bryce: And you are somebody important and you should see yourself as more and start acting like more. 'cause it's only when you act like more do other people see you as more. Instead of waiting for people to treat you special, just act special and watch everybody treat you. So I also understand. That I have so much emotional intelligence, it doesn't bother me if I'm not the smartest person in the room.

[00:10:16] Sue Bryce: I will make the smart people feel even more incredible 'cause I will ask interesting questions because I'm genuinely in interested to learn from people and I don't need to be the richest person in the room. If I am, I'll buy dinner. And if I'm not, I'll happily say thank you. And I'm not there to compete with anybody.

[00:10:36] Sue Bryce: I'm there to, you know, give. And I treat that exactly the same way as I do socially in my business. You know, in business it really comes down to setting boundaries. Following your true path, speaking, out, setting, um, expectations and speaking out those expectations, but also understanding that if you are dealing with people, they will always have hidden expectations.

[00:11:01] Sue Bryce: So always be completely clear about the connection you have. You know, be a good relationship builder and be a solution finder. Be a solution finder and a problem solver. Because every day, all day, all you ever do for people is solve problems. You solve problems in business. You solve problems When you make products, you solve problems in marketing, you solve problems in customer service.

[00:11:24] Sue Bryce: And if you think about it, if you are a problem solver and you truly like lean into that, then that's your business. You know, that is really the connection in your business. Having the social awareness to read a room, network your business, sell yourself without selling is, you know, a gift and it takes confidence and time, but we gain those things by doing them.

[00:11:48] Sue Bryce: You don't get confidence and then do those things you learn. And the fastest way to learn is get to level four in your business. Then you'll soon know if you can put yourself out there in a networking situation and if you can even speak your truth. Because, like I talked about in manifestation, it's about having a vision for where it is you wanna go, and then being able to speak that truth as authentically as you can to as many people as you can.

[00:12:17] Sue Bryce: And then they will feel it. They will feel every part of it. That to me, is equal exchange. You know, a lot of people don't understand what they're worth until they start doing something. Once they start doing it, they start to realize that, oh, I can't maintain this. And then they realize they have to ask for more money.

[00:12:38] Sue Bryce: The reason we don't ask for more money is we don't believe we'll get it. And once you stop those beliefs and actually just ask for it, you get it. And that's called evidence. Once you have evidence, you're already there. But sometimes just taking the step to do it is the hard part.

[00:13:00] Sue Bryce: Remember, every single step you take in building this brand, you are the problem. Every step you take, you are the poison. Every step you take, you are the antidote. Every step you take, you've gotta hold up a mirror. If somebody is doing something and it's making you feel envy, write a list. Call it the goal list, make it a goal.

[00:13:20] Sue Bryce: You clearly want everything on that list, otherwise you wouldn't envy them for having it. Don't get caught up in, why do they have it? Start focusing on how do I get it and this is what I want. Connect to it. Let it feel good in your body. Stay aligned to it, and watch that become part of your life. Don't waste time and envy.

[00:13:38] Sue Bryce: It's simply an activator to get moving. Because somebody else is doing something you wanna do. In fact, it's usually a clear indicator you're not living your dreams or your purpose, otherwise you wouldn't feel so kicked in the throat. Right? And the best part is, is you actually have the audacity to sit there and be envious of somebody else taking action in alignment when you could be doing the same thing.

[00:14:01] Sue Bryce: Meha, there's your kick in the butt. But I do love it. So this comes down to now. Um, would be level five and business vertical. Five is service. Service and experience. This is what your clients experience with you. Now, if you have a physical service, then you are offering an experience that they physically go through.

[00:14:24] Sue Bryce: What is that? If you are offering a physical product, then you are offering a service of shipping and customer service, that that's how they'll connect with you. How is that service set up? And if you are creating a service or an experience that's a digital, um, system, then again, how are you connecting with people?

[00:14:47] Sue Bryce: How are you doing the systems around that? And what is the experience with you? This is one of the most significant areas of small businesses that people don't really consider, and that is if you are working at home and you are seeing clients, traveling to clients or working online. Everything you do from networking your business through to marketing online, through to going out and talking about your business, to meeting new clients, to even serving new clients is a touch point of customer service.

[00:15:21] Sue Bryce: And you know, one of the things about a personal brand is the more personal you can make those touch points. Then the faster you can maintain relationships in your business, and it's one of the most significant areas of your business for you to stay connected to all of your clients, right through to referrals.

[00:15:42] Sue Bryce: Because you followed through right to the very end, and now everybody's talking about you. So one of the things that you need to understand in your personal brand is give people an option to work with you in multiple different ways. Do you want this on email? Do you want this on text? Do you want this on video?

[00:16:02] Sue Bryce: You know, like let give people a choice and they will choose their contact experience with you, and then maintain an incredible experience with you. The level next level of business is actually level five service and experience. The value point for level five for vertical five is we've stopped connecting with people.

[00:16:30] Sue Bryce: And if you're a personal brand, you've got to speak to people in a very personal way. The emails need to be personal. The connections need to be personal. Bring it back to a personal touch and whatever your touch points are, whatever your business is, bring it back to customer value. When people give you money, they are your customer, and the gratitude that I have for my clients every single day is huge.

[00:17:03] Sue Bryce: The more gratitude you can cultivate for the people that follow you and give you time and money. It is extraordinary and people never forget it ever. You know, my online platform was surveyed by a private equity company in 2018 and they came back and said that this platform has the highest customer loyalty of any business they have ever, ever surveyed.

[00:17:33] Sue Bryce: And we got the data on all of that survey and it is extraordinary. But when you truly appreciate and you truly walk through the steps of, like I said, of manifestation from vision through to speaking your truth, to connecting, knowing what you do and what you give is fully connected to you with full value, then congruency action, honoring your creativity.

[00:17:57] Sue Bryce: When you get to gratitude, you realize it's because you have exactly what you always wanted and asked for. Paying clients doing what you love. Feeling like a creator every single day, and that is absolutely mind blowing. So customer value, value them, feel that gratitude all the way through. Vertical. Six is systems.

[00:18:21] Sue Bryce: And systems really come down to, you need to create systems around you. When you are building a brand, you need to create systems around you. If you have built a brand and you're already in the first round of creation and you've come back to refining. You need to create systems around you. They're systems of momentum.

[00:18:41] Sue Bryce: They're also systems of confidence. When you have a sales system set up and people, then you can take your marketing to a yes no offer. Would you like to join now? Buy now. Learn more. Sign up, you know, get this newsletter, join this list. Um, join this VIP list. Join this wait list. You've got all those opportunities because people can now make a choice.

[00:19:03] Sue Bryce: And that means they're opting in to take the next step, which is the ultimate point of marketing. And the whole point of branding is to make people feel something. The whole point of marketing is to make them do something. So now is where you have the touch points and the systems that activate that. You have a system that captures email.

[00:19:24] Sue Bryce: You have a system for lead generation. You have a system for marketing, and you have a system for blogging, for networking. Then you create systems around income production so that you are creating products and they're constantly moving through your business, that you're serving clients, getting paid, invoicing, bookkeeping, taxes, systems, systems, systems, and that this entire vertical is enough to make people fail in business.

[00:19:54] Sue Bryce: Because if you look back through the steps, you know you've got your brand, you've got your product, you've broken through your money flow, you've gotten to equal exchange, you've worked out how to value your customers with the service, but your systems suck and your systems are failing around you. This is functional value.

[00:20:10] Sue Bryce: It has so much functional value to create these systems, and most creatives terrible at creating systems. But once you do and these systems around you, you are free to move and create as you do and get paid. So it really comes down to creating the most basic, just foolproof systems around you. Now, if you are an artist, you identify as an artist, not a creator.

[00:20:36] Sue Bryce: Those systems will exist to monetize you in all eight areas. If you are a creator and you are monetizing yourself, create these systems, you'll never have to do it again. Find someone creative to teach you creative system making so that you don't get stuck in the ho hum. Of boring systems. When you want to be a creator, you don't have to be.

[00:21:02] Sue Bryce: Once these systems are up and running, remember this golden rule about business, and this applies also to your personal brand.

[00:21:13] Sue Bryce: If you are not working, if you broke your ankle and you could not work for six weeks, would your business make money? Now, most solopreneurs, 99.9 of them will say no. Because they're a solopreneur. That's the whole point, which means if they're not working, they're not making money. Now, if you have digital products, then you make money while you sleep, and if you broke your ankle, you're still making money while you sleep.

[00:21:43] Sue Bryce: So digital products and even a digital service, maybe you offer design or something online. If you can still do that with a broken ankle, then yes, you can still make income. But if you have a physical product that's not merchandise, it's not being stored or shipped and you have a physical service, then you can't make any money.

[00:22:01] Sue Bryce: Now that's the difference. Do you have a business or do you have a job? And that's where you divide. We used to say if, if it can't make money when you're not there, you don't have a business, you have a job. Well, that was 30 years ago now personal brand is the business and yes, if you're a one act pony, and I, and I don't mean, I used to say, I'm not a one act pony, I'm a one pony act.

[00:22:28] Sue Bryce: If you are a one pony act and you are doing it all on your own, then yeah, if you break an ankle, you're not making money. And so the fastest way now is to build revenue systems around you, in your personal brand that make money while you sleep or start building a team of, um, contracted employees around you that can do things.

[00:22:48] Sue Bryce: But the whole point of that is the systems are run when you are not there. And if you create simple systems around you that are a powerful, effective money systems, sales systems, connection systems, and you follow through with service and customer service with your clients, and follow through and personal touch, those systems have so much functional value, they will keep your brand.

[00:23:13] Sue Bryce: Operational, they will keep money flowing into your brand. They will keep taxes getting paid so that you can stay in business. It'll keep you sustainable, and then you just keep, keep adjusting those margins and creating more incredible products so that you can refresh those systems and constantly update them.

[00:23:34] Sue Bryce: You know, the next big vertical is marketing. And marketing is an offer of value. Now, you've now worked out, if I am the face of my business and I'm part of the product also, and I've made great products that I value, my money is flowing. I'm asking for equal exchange of value. I know what I'm worth. Um, I love giving service and I love my clients.

[00:24:06] Sue Bryce: Um, the systems around me are functional and everything is now operating. I've got to keep speaking in this beautiful marketing voice. And the marketing voice is truly authenticity and clarity. It's the most authenticity you can speak with, especially now we're talking straight to camera. It's an offer of value.

[00:24:28] Sue Bryce: You know, social media is about entertainment and engagement. It's not a place to educate. Um, you know, you get bombarded by people giving you sort of tidbits of education in order to sell you more, but the truth is, it's about bringing people back to your blog, your newsletter, your platform, whatever it is to sell to them, and getting them on your list so you can speak to them directly and constantly using your social media for engagement in entertainment, because that way you keep an audience growing.

[00:25:03] Sue Bryce: But you don't constantly sell to them, so they're not leaving you. That's how you get consistency with your numbers on social media. So it's really important. Then when you understand the personal brand is really once you connect truly to who you are and to your purpose and what you want and to the business and you know everything that you are building in this little system around you, then marketing is truly clarity.

[00:25:33] Sue Bryce: It's the most amount of clarity that you can speak. And it's also when you speak with that clarity, and from clarity, remember, is certainty and conviction. And when people hear you speak with clarity, it's more than vision. Um, you've spoken past vision to action. It's just certainty and conviction. It's like it's alignment and people can feel it.

[00:25:57] Sue Bryce: Right about then is when you feel that connection. And once people can hear it in your voice and see you doing it, it's kind of magical to watch. And it's really, um, one of the most exciting parts now of having a personal brand. I have always loved creative marketing. Like even before we had social media, I would come up with really cool things to do at events.

[00:26:24] Sue Bryce: I would come up with gifts, with purchase and gift vouchers and add-ons and. And, you know, whatever it was a hot air balloon, magicians, it didn't matter. I was always thinking of a way to stand out in the room when social media became more prevalent. And then inevitably we became these online, you know, media companies.

[00:26:45] Sue Bryce: We're now running our own networks on, you know, Instagram. Um, now I just have all of these incredible creative ideas for marketing, and I've always enjoyed. I'm blogging. That's why I am going back to lead generators and blogging because the world is coming back to that personal connection again, and I'm absolutely loving the future for personal brands and everything that it represents.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Notes 03 ====
