==== Start of Transcript: 09 Body ====

When you think about how superficial it is to live through our, love relationship or status and our body status and our money status. It's incredible because the things are superficial for the simple reason that you can't actually see the inside truth. Nobody actually knows how much money you have. And if you never tell them, they'll assume or decide for you. How much money you have?

When I first started dating, my husband, he took me to a Nordstrom to buy me a Christmas present, and I picked some earrings And he looked at me, and he was like, I thought I was buying you diamond earrings. And I was like, well, here's the thing. When I look at the diamond earrings, the expensive ones are like and the ones I really want, like, like, the rapper diamonds, They're like $40. So the cubic zirconias look just like the rabbit's diamond. So I'm gonna take the cubic DeConis for $75.

And he looks at me and he goes, I really would like to buy you a pair of diamond earrings. Matthew, but, honey, don't you see? I will wear these like their diamond earrings in everybody or say. Your diamond's beautiful. And I'll say, thank you.

Because it doesn't matter whether they're real or not, I don't care. If I lose 1, I've only lost 75 bucks, and I guarantee by the way I hold myself, everyone will think I'm wearing diamond earrings. To this day, he loses it when people go, you know, it's so good. No. Who was that?

It's your perception. So it's your perception of how much money I have. You don't know. Just like when your client comes and you're like, they're not my client, how do you know how much money they have? And, you know, rich people don't wear their money.

People in debt do. Because they're wearing their money. That's why they're in debt. The other people have it in the bank. You just don't know about people's money.

The same way you don't know what's going on inside someone's body. The same way you have no right. To judge someone else's body. And this is the segment where we are in the greatest world change. You can have the body you want right now.

Literally, you don't like your nose that you were born with, You can get a new one. You can get fat sucked out of your butt and redistributed into different areas that it used to live. You can go and do that. You can get nipped and tucked in new teeth. You can get transplanted and implanted, and you can get a designer vagina.

Sounds better in my accent. And if you truly want it any of those things that I just said, and that is in your highest values. And that made you feel so good every day, then go for it. Your buddy, your choice. Go for it.

But why would you hate it or resist it? If you want to look this way, the specific way, because you wanna look this specific way, then you will look the specific way because it's what you want. Own it. Whatever it is. Because you will maintain a joyful focus creating this body, this focus, this movement, this style, this look is joyful to you because that's what you really want.

You will have that. But if you want to look this specific way because you think it's gonna get you a feeling, or it's gonna get you love, or it's gonna get you acceptance, then what you will find is superficial love, and surface acceptance, right? Or you will find a conditional controlling love reflected back. Because what you've said is exactly that. Just a controlling and controlling conditional if I look this way, I'm good enough.

And you don't need to convince anyone as to why you want to look a certain way. You are this way. So just be that. Be that. And if how you want to look is not achievable for you or it's hard for you, or if how you want to look is different than how you currently are, And if you feel like you need to change that in order to be acceptable or loved in order to be successful in business, then you will never achieve those things.

If you cannot maintain this ideal you've set comfortably or joyfully, Why would you want that battle? It won't stay. If you're fighting it, it won't stay. It won't stay in this suspended state of projected perfection because that is what you're trying to do. You're trying to say, if I could just become this perfect thing, and then but we're kinetic beings.

We can't maintain this perfection when it's not our true paths, this is just a battle, a battle to stay skinny, or a battle to look this way, or a battle to look, feel this way, or a battle to get more, and that projected perfection, it doesn't stay because it's not who you are. And it's not joyful when you're battling it, so it's never gonna stay in your life, and it's never gonna grow, and it's never gonna be love, and it's never gonna be intimacy. It's just always going to be an ideal that I don't live up to. And this is what we do to our bodies. So change your mind.

Change what you want for yourself. Change the way you see your body. Change the way you perceive your body. Change the way you speak about it. Change your mind first.

Change your mind to love and acceptance. Then you go to the heart change your heart. Tell your heart. You've got so much more than a fight. Change it.

Change your emotions around what you think it is that's stopping you and then change your focus into alignment, but expecting All of this to be different in order to be loved is straight self rejection. The body you have right now, are you focused on loving it? Accepting it. Like, help it thrive with self care, like, love it more, deeper connection, growth, or is it neglected? Are you living from the neck up?

Just hiding away, not loving your body because it's not good enough. How you present yourself, how you move, how you rest, how you self soothe, how you care for your body, k? How you make time for it, how you talk to it, how you feel about it, This vessel is reflecting your internal self. You are a physical manifestation of your own thoughts. Connect to it.

It has everything you need. It's like wisdom and intuition, and it cultivates self trust. You have betrayed your body so many times. Feel your body ask it what it wants. Muscle test it.

Muscle test for rest. Muscle test for activities. Ask your body what it wants. Ask your body what food it really wants, eat it with joy. It knows the truth heal it.

I don't wanna get to body love. I wanna get to worship. Let's get to a body worship. Why are we not worshiping this incredible vessel. Our souls don't die.

Our bodies do. We don't look after them. We get old. We don't stand up. Love.

Look after our bodies, we get trapped in all of this pain, and we don't Nurture the one thing that carries us around. Connect to your body. Listen to it. You know the truth. And for all of the bullshit narratives that I've created about my body and food and my weight for the last 20 years, all of that bull My buddy was always loyal to me.

The whole time it followed me around like a good little dog. My body was always loyal, and it always mirrored my inner feelings. And when I went through the worst trauma year, and I aggressively hurt myself, I needed armor. I needed protection. I needed stress relief.

I was not gonna survive it. That body saved me. It aid me to healing because it kept me safe. It kept me protected. It kept me strong.

I felt strong. I covered myself. I felt indrogynous like a man I was angry, and it was showing up in everything I was doing. I was saving in the whole time my body was loyal to me. My body only ever does what I ask of it.

And I was searching, searching for an answer. I was searching for fulfillment. I was always starving, starving, starving. I I was unfillable because I was starving for answers and love and fulfillment And I was empty, and I was always trying to just fill this dark hole of self hate. My body just mirrored this, and it was just obsessing.

I just started to obsess about food and hunger, and then I was at that. Never enough in obsessing rejection and unexpressed emotion in the body and the pain. And, you know, overconsumption and fat shaming are intrinsically tied together. We think sin is good and fat is bad, and this is so deeply ingrained in our culture. You've gotta bring your mind, again, out of systemic diet culture where brainwash with being curvy is good.

Being curvy is good. We're brainwashed that thin is good. If either of those states are sustainable for you in a place of love and acceptance, then you are perfect. Whatever you are. But being disordered, eating disordered, self hate, bad.

Self hate does not come back in my car. As soon as I came to awareness that I was stuffing and remember I'm stuffing, and a clear indicator, if you wanna know the difference between joyful eating and stuffing, I'm crying as I'm eating. Okay? So I'm like, it's it's and it makes a noise. Like, I'm definitely in a bad place.

Like, I'm not just like sitting there going, like, I really shouldn't be having this burger right now. I'm like, I'm fully, I'm there. And I'm observing myself doing it. You know, I've crying, eating, stuffing, choking. I'm observing myself doing it as I'm coming to a winner that I felt the need to stuff my anger down because I couldn't speak it up and I couldn't say it.

So when I could disrupt that feeling and the stuffing, it just sat there in the anger and learned to process it. The anger came up and wanted to come out. And I didn't know how to speak my loving boundaries, and I didn't know how to control my anger, and I didn't know held to reel it in, and it just came out as just pure anger and whatever you stuff down or hide or hide in shame comes up. Because there's a reason you staff it down and hide it. The root of all anger is sadness.

I had just as sadness, but I didn't know that I had when I uncovered everything, it was just sadness. And people who are in love with their lives don't hate their bodies. Terry Hoffman. When you find your love and your value, your body will very naturally settle at a perfect shape for you, whatever that is. Whatever it is.

It doesn't matter. It's perfect for you. And how you're made in your genetic makeup and the lifestyle you have and how you like to self care and how you like to eat and how you like to rest and how you like to replenish and how you like to move. However, you love to do that, your body will reflect exactly the perfect shape that goes with that in a full state of love. And that's yours.

That's yours to own. And when you start to create the life you want, life you've always wanted, and living in that daily practice of self value, you won't compare your body to anyone else. You won't. You won't spend all your bandwidth obsessing about that you're not good enough or that you're not as much as them or you're better than him or you're better than her because when you start to care and love for this body in this journey and this love, it will reward you by just feeling incredible and not trying to make it better than anybody else's your body is not betraying you. It is your most loyal follower.

Why do you treat it so badly? You know, when you are stuffing and if you are stuffing and you're covering this emotion, You know, you're covering that emotion with food. And, yes, the dopamine is gonna give you a little, oh, I feel good. So the bad feeling goes away while I'm eating. But then I'm not speaking up for myself, and that food is covering their anger, and it's pushing it down into my liver and my gallbladder.

And it's rotting inside me. So you will not or more importantly cannot validate your own emotions in that moment. And this purging and starving and self hate is back. Driving the car. So we manifest physical protection, padding, cushioning around criticism, sexual protection, covering shame, Sexual abuse, manifests on our bodies.

Remember the stress relief to addiction starts with needing stress relief. Just feeling good about myself as the goal. So feeling good in my body, feeling good about my body, feeling good when I shake my body, share my body. You don't hate your body, until you compare it to someone else's. You don't hate your body until you want it to look or move a different way.

You don't hate your body until someone else rejects it. So don't compare it. Feel good in it. Stop trying to lose weight and lose this idea that weight loss will solve all of your current problems. Because that's just avoidance and fantasy.

And that feeling good about myself, about how I sleep, how I exercise each share myself, intimacy, feeling good, in my body laughing dancing playing is my priority. You know, I would lie in bed at night and obsess about everything I ate that day. With my thoughts and my feelings, my little three year old, you know, and self hate. So And I'd decide in that moment if I was a good girl or a bad girl that day. I was always a bad girl, just so you know.

I started to change that narrative and get between the feeling and the truth. Because that there is when I needed to separate. So I started to write positive affirmations. And I would say things like, I love my body. Then I go to the mirror, and I'd say, I love my body.

And then I'd say, I hate it. Then I would write positive affirmations to counteract my good girl, bad girl eating, like, I ate whole foods today that nourished my body. Like, cool. Thanks for the bumper sticker. I'm like, why are we talking about what you ate?

That took me a long time. And now, I'm like, bitch, you want a burger? Eda Boga. You want a French pie? Ida French pie.

And I'm lying in bed at night, and my thoughts and my feelings are wanna acknowledge my thoughts and my feelings now because, you know, my thoughts and my feelings, you've now understood, you don't have to listen to either of these clowns. Like, they just don't stop. They don't stop. They're just in the passenger seat beside you. But there it is.

My thoughts, my feeling pops up and say, what do you think we'll feel about what we ate today? I'm not listening to that. No. I'm just not gonna listen to it. I will not negotiate with terrorists over a burger.

I will cut someone. I'm gonna challenge you to explore body care first, body image second, body acceptance, third. Buddy awareness, yes. Connection, always, always, always. Body confidence, body love, and body worship.

Those are your only priorities with your body. There is no changing my shape to look better, to be better, to be more accepted, to be more liked. There is only Care, good body image, acceptance, awareness, connection, confidence, and love. And when you could truly connect to that, I want you to start to worship this vessel. The voice of change is here.

Round body image It's here. You can see it. That's why these voices are coming up. People wanna hear them. They wanna hear the growth in body image.

The voice and change is here. It's everywhere online. New beauty standards. Please, Bob. How about that?

How about some new beauty standards? Strong as the new skinny, muscle strength, flexibility, mobility as you get older, and inflammation. Trust me. That's all you'll need to worry about. And rest.

Before and afters get shunned now. People want self acceptance and self care, not judgment and eating disorders. We're done. We're social curators. We stand up now.

We say we accept our bodies. We support all movements of body image. We empower the space to body worship. We're done with not being good enough because we made different or look different or feel different. It's not it's not the truth.

You are born into a universe of infinite possibility. You are a miracle. No less than the trees and the stars. And you wanna spend your time obsessing over a cupcake. You know, when I look through the 180 photographs on my father's life at his funeral in that slideshow, and I watched that beautiful, beautiful slideshow.

Oh, man. We didn't have much, but we had love. And do you think I looked at 1 double chin? One wrinkle? One fat roll?

Nope. Well, I saw was my beautiful father, sharing his life and love with his beautiful family. Feeling good about my boundaries and saying no, making time, Not rebooting to people pleasing, focusing on me and doing the things I want, In the body, I want feeling good in my body doing it. In my skin, feeling connected to my body, is the greatest gift that you can give yourself. So I'm 51, and I feel like I'm twenty.

But then somebody maybe just let me out in the sun. How would it go? I mean, you know, and my body is a road map. Of past abuse. Just a road map of past abuse.

And there's a story in every dimple and every freckle and every scar and every stretch mark, and it's perfectly aging, and it's perfectly wrinkling. And I've never loved my body more, ever. But boy, did I drive it like I stole it? Love it. I want it to last.

I really do. I want a body that can move And I now prioritize strength in self care. I don't prioritize the gym. I used to rag on myself for not going to the gym. I don't even like the gym.

It's a place of great suffering. Stop saying I don't have time to do anything and start changing that to I do not prioritize and watch everything change. Okay. If I prioritize strength, I can do that anywhere, wherever I am and enjoy it. I go, oh, I've got I prioritize strength.

I'm gonna do squats today because I feel good. I wanna do them. But if I prioritize the gym, I wouldn't go because I didn't want to. I just didn't want to, and you've got to give yourself a break. Stop trying to give yourself values that you really don't have because you think that's the right values.

It's not how that works. So always check that back seat. Because fear around the body that in that back seat fear is sitting with old story. Alright? In fact, fear sitting with a harem of old stories.

There's so many old stories sitting in the back. Fair can stay, but you kick in his girlfriend out. That's just how this is gonna happen. Okay. Because when it comes to our body, fears in the car, And there's Body story.

And Body story is the worst of the old stories. Because this one is a trip. So she remembers what you weighed, and when you weighed it, in every horrible detail in between. She blames everything you don't have on these horrible details and your inability to control yourself, and she likes to repeat them to you. I imagine the body story chain smokes.

Like, she's got a raspy voice and a really bad sort of bleach regrowth, and she listens to nickelback. That's how I see her. And she's talking to me about my buddy and telling me I'm not good enough. And if you've attached to a trauma story to your weight, So if you're saying, you know, this weight is because of my children on this weight is because of because of you telling everybody the story that's giving you this excused to your weight. You're saying it like it's a problem instead of just loving being who you are, you're saying, look, I've got this thing I need to fix.

You're telling everyone you've got a problem. Nobody even wanted to talk about it. And if you've attached to that story, then, you know, I don't have time, and I don't prioritize. Either way, there's no boundaries for you. And when we don't love and respect ourselves, we certainly don't make time for our bodies to love on our bodies.

Okay. So whatever you're telling yourself you have to show up for, like whether a gym and you're not showing up, take it off. You don't have let yourself off the hook. You don't wanna go. Find a way to move your body that's actually joyful.

I love my body is not in affirmation. It is once you do love your body, but if you don't, It did not work for me because I was coming to awareness of self hate. And I would look at my body and say, I love my body, but then self hate would say, I hate my body. And when you don't love it and you treat it like You know, it's very clear I'm not showing up for my body in any way. So I took it to action.

Listen to this. If you take it to action, you realize that love is a verb. Back then, self hate and I Okay. We were seeing each other for a period of time there, and it's okay. It was just like self hate state over 1 night, and then never left.

So I could not love or accept myself, but I learned that I did love loving on my body. I couldn't love or accept myself. But I really enjoyed loving on my body. I love feeding it. I love beautiful meals.

Like I said, beautiful dinners, restaurants. I love doing my hair. I loved healing, miss and reiki healing. I love massage. I love dancing.

I realized there were so many things that I loved doing with my body. That I didn't love myself. And I realized when I said I love my body, and it didn't feel good, I would go to the opposing energy, which is I hate my body. So when I took it to action, When I took it to the action of loving on myself, then I would say I love loving on my body. And I would stand in front of the mirror.

I wasn't challenging the truth. I was just saying, I love this is the truth. I love stretching. I love feeding it. I love nurturing, healing, massage activity.

I love all those things, and I have not been making time for any of them. So instead of going to self hate, I went to my calendar, and I booked in a whole lot of VIP time for body love. And I started to show up for body love every day. It used to, I used to schedule a workout. On my daily diary, every day I would schedule a workout.

And I could usually drag myself to at least 1 a week, maybe 2 And I would battle with myself over it. I never enjoyed it. Don't like it. So I took away the gym, and I wrote body love. It kept increasing in time.

I started with 30 minutes. It became 1 hour, it became 2 hours, Now I'm trying to decrease my amount of VIP time because VIP is taking over, and I know I've got some work to do, but thankfully, I'm just having a really good time. I changed it to body love, and instead of putting the gym or anything out there, I just had to show up for my physical body 30 minutes a day, and all they had to do was love it. I could sleep, read, walk, stretch, dance, workout, lift, do yoga, whatever I want. Go from massage.

Every day, I just show up to a yoga mat in my lounge, and I sit on it, and they go for 30 minutes, you are just allowed to love your body. And then every single day, I would think of something new to do the day, like, I was dating my body, and it's like, oh, I wonder if my body would like to go for a little steam room or as I wonder if my body would like to, you know, go for a walk in this pack. And And then I started to think of fun things to do with my body, and and then it became an hour. And then like I said, it's become 2 hours, and now I can't stop loving on body, and never at any time is there any pressure to level hate myself, it's simply to make time. Time is the biggest boundary you will fight with.

Especially giving the time to yourself, whose giving time to yourself is like giving love to yourself. So I put a mat on my living room floor, and I challenged myself to show up to it every day. I give myself all of these options. Now listen. I write this list of things I can do that joyfully move my body.

I can walk I can dance, I can sword fight on my VR, I can kwigong, I can meditate, I can wakey healing, I could do yoga, I can stretch, or I can lift weights. It's not a group class or a personal trainer. Everything on that list is not only what I enjoy the most, how I love to move my body. I do it alone. Because I show up for myself.

I don't need to pay somebody else to show up. And that is the indicator. I said to Christine, You can't be my trainer anymore. And she goes, why? And I said, because I don't think I'm gonna show up if you're not here.

And I said, let's prove it. And so I took a month off, and I was like, I didn't go. I was showing up for her, not me. I was like, I don't even enjoy this. So it's like, I gave myself a list of 12 things I can choose, and I love doing all of them.

And I just pick 1 depending on how tired I am or what I need. And it's so joyful for me to take this time to give myself this thing because now I'm fully feeling the benefits of my self care. And if I don't show up for me and I don't enjoy it or keep it. So when I show up for me, I enjoy it and keep it. Because it's for me.

Everything on this list gives me joy. I have to all I have to do is show up and then make the time boundary. I soon discovered how I like to move, how I how I am motivated to move, and how good my boundaries are, find a way to move that you love. And this is not body self care. For me, it's body self care is like having a massage or here or facial, I wanted to show up just for my body, just physically how it moves, not getting something done, but just show up for it.

And feel it, connect to it, muscle test it, and really connect. You know, with this melting pot of genetics, All of us are, and all these genetic combinations and body types, we've spent too long, idolizing the unattainable angel on the catwalk Thank you, Rhianna. Savage Fenty is everything. Savage Fendi is everything about our future. Everything.

Because confidence is beautiful, and self love is beautiful, and kindness is beautiful. And people walking their soul path, oh, that is, like, the most beautiful thing of them, all that's god light, just coming out of people, lovingly enjoying and accepting their bodies, that is beautiful. And whatever you are, you just have to claim it. You know, Take out that little freak flag. I always say everybody just has a little cocktail umbrella, so it's freak flag just Just it's yours.

And if you just take it out, like, take it out and just give it a little wave and give you a little freak flag away. And I've told you something about this little freak flag. You don't have to go looking. You don't. You don't have to go looking because when you stand in your own confidence, when you stand, when you know who you are and you stand in your own confidence, You just proudly hold up that little flag, and your light will shine so brightly so so Riley, all around you, and all the same little flags as yours, all those little, shame, little flags, they come out, and they start to They start to look at yours, and they start to look at your light.

Okay? And then those are your familiars. Those are your people. And you're just standing here like this, loving yourself waving this little freak flag, and you're just saying, you're just showing them. That it's safe.

It's safe for all the little freaks like us to just end up and chime. Lead your freak flag. And this is my weird and wonderful. Because I used to say I was weird. Now I don't acknowledge the weird without the wonderful.

And now I say I'm weird and wonderful. I love all your little freak bags.

==== End of Transcript: 09 Body ====