==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive Bonus – The Self Value Car ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. I'm Nikki Closer. I am the host of the deep dives with Sue Bryce. Hi, Sue. Hi.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So something that I thought was extremely important for you to elaborate on and do kind of a bonus video is your concept of the car. It's something that you've kinda woven into this wholesale value workshop. Can you tell us exactly what it is and how it works?

Sue Bryce | You know, I I became the observer of my thoughts and my feelings. And the more I talked about my thoughts and my feelings as these three year old terrorists. I keep seeing them, all the time. These 2 little monsters, I actually my sister to illustrate them, and she's done that. And I just got them and they really are incredible.

Sue Bryce | Then I was doing my fear talk in 2013, And I joke made a joke about never letting fear drive. And, obviously, that came from an old bumper sticker when I was a teenager, it was an old Nike bumper sticker about living with fear and sometimes feel it's me race. So I always had that in my mind that fear is in the car with you, but you never let fear drive. But the more I started to teach, how to observe my thoughts and my feelings that keep seeing these monsters in my, right beside me, my front seat. So I was like, oh, yeah.

Sue Bryce | This is my car. So the South Value car, this is my concept on how I observe my thoughts and my feelings and my fear and how I managed to sort of define these narratives in my head. The car is your physical representation, how you look, and where you are on your journey of life. It's your identity per se or your ego. The driver of the car is the observer The one that's listening to the talking in the car, that is you.

Sue Bryce | You are the observer. Alright? The constant chatter comes from the 2 little monsters in the front seat writing shotgun. They're my thoughts and my feelings. Okay?

Sue Bryce | My thoughts is constantly speaking, and my feelings is constantly responding. So my thoughts is talking. My feelings are responding, but I'm not either of them. I don't have to believe either of them. I just have to listen to both of them.

Sue Bryce | And the back seat is fear. Fear never leads the car. Neither does my thoughts or my feelings. They all stay in the car, these 3, but we never let these 3 drive. Fear is one of the most basic human emotions.

Sue Bryce | It is programmed into your nervous system and works like an instinct. Fear is not a thought It's a feeling. It's also a physical sensation. It's an ancient biological warning system that is designed to save your life. You feel fear in your physical body before your brain even registers danger.

Sue Bryce | And I know that everyone thinks that they have to overcome fear, but that is not true. That's why fear never leaves the car. So in all of your emotional patterns, in all of your stored memories, you've seen fear as being one of the biggest emotions that's stored in these memories because that's how we store big memories. We attach them to the big feelings because next time that's gonna alert us to pain, danger, rejection, or any threat to our survival and existence. That's what fear is.

Sue Bryce | It's to keep you alive. So you can question fear but don't analyze fear. You can question my thoughts as truth. Is this facts 100% but don't question or analyze my feelings because they're just responding. They're just like a three year old that's hungry and needs to nap, and you just took their candy away.

Sue Bryce | So I accept that my feelings will be inappropriate most of the time just like a three year old. So these little monsters don't leave your car either. And I'm telling you you don't have to try and kick fear out fear is not the problem. Someone else got into the car with fear, and that's old story that fear attaches to. So old stories of peach, fear dates, this harem of old stories, old story remembers every bad thing You have ever done every past hurt.

Sue Bryce | You have ever experienced on repeat Old story does not get to stay in the car. So as you come to this awareness of my thoughts and my feelings And these 3 that are constantly speaking in your car, you will feel fear and you will observe yourself your thoughts attaching to an old narrative of negative self talk or old programming or just a poor me story It's not fear. I never get my needs met. My thoughts start grabbing these old stories with their old memories and all the drama and all the old hertz. And then you have this open gaping wound because the brain doesn't know if it's happening now or if it's happening then, or it just knows that it's wounded.

Sue Bryce | And energetically, you just start to carry this gaping wound because you feel shame and rejection and you feel unworthy. And then every person reflected back at you shows you that back. Every interaction feels more hurt because you cannot grow past your emotional response to anything. And that is because my thoughts and my feelings are speaking very, very loud and I'm believing both of them. So my feelings are screaming loud.

Sue Bryce | So you've just got to listen to the feelings, but it's my thoughts that we really, really have to start changing. So it is powerful indeed to master fear, but I don't believe fear ever leaves. I want to show you how to look deeper at this in credible lifesaving response, you'll find that what you're most afraid of is rejection. And that's why fear dates so many bad people. You're gonna become aware of the 3 voices in your car, and now you can start to listen to them observe this process.

Sue Bryce | Literally watch yourself. Feel hurt. Get into an obsessive loop over it. Attached to an old story from the past. And with awareness and practice, you can actually start to get between that thought in that feeling, and you can literally say no, enough, enough fear, old story, get out of the car.

Sue Bryce | Kick old story to the curb immediately. So I love this quote, and this quote is anonymous, even though it starts with. My mother once told me, My mother once told me I can tell you over and over to leave a situation, but you won't until you are ready. One day, you will wake up and say, I don't wanna feel like this anymore and you will be done. That's how you feel.

Sue Bryce | You will wake up one day and you will observe yourself attached to an old narrative that you no longer believe that does not serve you anymore and you will say enough. I don't want this old story anymore. So in our car, we're going to pick up to believe. And wait till you find out how much fun you can have with this incredible little monster to believe does not believe anything that fear or my feelings or my thoughts say. You know, I became a public speaker with a atrocious self value.

Sue Bryce | I would get up on that stage so prepared. In fact, over prepared. I was overflowing with content to give, give, and give, and over give as much as I could just so I could feel worthy of standing up there with those other speakers. I would not only give it everything I had. I would get off that stage.

Sue Bryce | I would leave the arena and I'd get into the car and self hate would be waiting for me. And together, South hate and I would critique the talk, the outfit, the response, the applause. Why did you say that? Stupid. Why didn't you say that?

Sue Bryce | You dropped the ball. Why did you say it like that? And I would just burn with ego and shame and I'd be exhausted. And I would just be spent from giving everything I had in self hate would just say it's not enough. You're not enough.

Sue Bryce | And then together, we'd go through all the horrible, bad photographs from the audience that are being plastered online, but I don't read those beautiful comments and the empowering feedback and the compliments because self hates already pointed out to me that I looked old and fat and disgusting, and I'm stupid. And why am I standing up here shining a light on all of this that I don't like about myself? So after about 13 of these stage talks and cruel, painful evenings that followed. I finished a big talk. In fact, it was my first international forecast in 2012.

Sue Bryce | I returned to my hotel room, and I found self hate waiting for me. But this time, I brought home to belief. You see, I kept experiencing the self hate afterwards. But the evidence and success of my workshop, like, people were buying it, I was getting a huge audience evidence was then, it was showing me that I was doing this. This was working, and the hotel only allows one room guest, so I chose to believe.

Sue Bryce | And I started to say it out loud and it was just a whisper. At first, I choose to believe. I choose to believe and I cried and I cried and I just started to repeat it. I choose to believe. I choose to believe I did my best today.

Sue Bryce | I choose to believe I was enough for a whole lot of people. I choose to believe I freed someone today. I I choose to believe my authenticity, Sean, brighter than my fear. I choose to believe I empowered someone. I choose to believe I showed my mastery today.

Sue Bryce | I choose to believe I got to share my joy with the world. I choose to believe I gave someone permission to be more today because I chose to be more because I didn't stop because I chose to believe in myself, and All of a sudden, this to believe energy was just coming up and self hate was gone. And I chose to believe. So I keep choosing to believe until I felt self hate leave the room. And because I choose to believe I am more, you have to see yourself as more in order to ask for more to set a boundary for more to step up for more to receive more.

Sue Bryce | And manifesting is not about wishes. It's about feeling a sense of value in your mind, in your emotions, in your heart, and in your focus. So how do I believe in myself? I believe the answer is in the question. First, you have to believe you're worth it.

Sue Bryce | And then set a goal for yourself and create something for yourself, something you really, really want. Something you'll show up to every single day. And when people ask how they can start believing in themselves. I always say start with setting that goal. That activates your alignment.

Sue Bryce | However, small, but with great love, alright, activate that alignment, and then give it your best. And I mean your best. When you give your best, you will certainly grow and see results because that is evidence. And when you truly believe you gave it your best. When you know in your heart and soul that you gave it your best, you can stand back and say, I believe that I gave my best.

Sue Bryce | And look. Look what I did. There's no evidence. That's how I started believing in myself. Words are powerful.

Sue Bryce | You know, words are so powerful, and to disbelieve is to reject neglect, disregard, and abandon. Those are the antonems to believe. This is by pure definition self rejection. If you choose not to believe in yourself, you're choosing to reject, neglect, disregard, and abandon yourself on a daily basis, and then wonder why everybody else in the world is doing the same thing. You know, to believe is I think I trust.

Sue Bryce | I understand. I accept. I I I affirm. I believe to think, to trust, to understand, to accept, to affirm, I believe. That is believe You've got to get past your own self rejection and start to believe in that one goal, start to believe in that one path and empower that one path to evidence to believe changes emotions, which changes your story, which changes your path.

Sue Bryce | And when you believe you're worth it and you set that goal and you give it your best and you see the return, then you activate 2 of the most powerful forces on earth, acceptance and gratitude. And these 2, they don't really get into your car. They just lift your car up. Because when you feel when you feel you want something, when you're connected, when you feel alignment, you really want something, and you align with it, and you get it. Then you accept this gift that you have asked for, and this power is gratitude.

Sue Bryce | Now people talked a lot about gratitude especially when I was struggling. And I used to always say, gratitude. I'm grateful. But truly, gratitude is something has been received. Something you really wanted.

Sue Bryce | The gratitude just makes it bigger because you really wanted this. It gave joy to create it, not resistance, not pain, not stress. It gave you joy to get it. It gives you joy to have it. And so you receive this and you start to enjoy it, and then you're thankful for it.

Sue Bryce | You appreciate that. That's gratitude. And the heart is attracting in joy in that moment because a heart exploding with joy is a magnet to attracting everything. Self hate does not get in the car. It does not get to speak here.

Sue Bryce | There is no resistance in the creator room. There's no inner monologue. So when you hear that voice of resistance, you're in competition. That's the opposite of creation. So remember, You bring to believe into your car, to believe does not believe my thoughts.

Sue Bryce | They do not because they just think they're dramatic and frightened, and they're just listening to them. Believe also does not believe my feelings, and my feelings are responding to my thoughts believe will challenge my thoughts and my feelings because believe only believes facts. Believe will not stay in the car with self hate. Also, believe or not over inflate your ego because believe truly believes in facts. And in that moment, you have to choose which one's going to stay.

Sue Bryce | Is it self doubt, self hate, or is it to believe? So I always say throughout this workshop, protect the castle. Protect the castle. Now that you know that there are only 3 voices in your car, you can kick all of the other voices out of your car. Self doubt, Self doubt is a narcissist.

Sue Bryce | As soon as you feel self doubt, you've made it about you again, self doubt is that little narcissist that sits in the car and says, that's not my fault. That's everybody else's fault. Meant me. Self doubt is a narcissist. When you feel self doubt, you think that's you being like, oh, no.

Sue Bryce | I think I should maybe back off a little bit. No. Kick self doubt out of your car now. There's one old story that gets in the car. You'll hear about that in the body segment, and that is body story.

Sue Bryce | And body story remembers if free single weight you've ever been at. It remembers every good and bad thing about your body and tells you just like old story. You can kick body story out of the car. And I do joke that if I ever see self hate hitchhiking on the side of the road on a quiet dark road, but for real, Don't let self hate come for your daughters. Don't let self hate hurt your sons.

Sue Bryce | Protect the castle and teach them how to do the same. They do as you do. Not as you say. Show them what self love is. Show them what self respect is, show them what self care is, and then show them how it makes every relationship better because of the relationship that you have with yourself.

Sue Bryce | So when you wanna process my thoughts and my feelings and my fear, When you wanna understand who else has got in the car, the old story, the body story, the self doubt, I want you just to sit quietly for a moment and just take them for a drive. You don't have to question them. You don't have to analyze them. You just need to listen to them. And it's okay.

Sue Bryce | The voices that belong in the car, they're your voices. The other ones can go, but you don't have to believe any of these three people. You can calm them all, but the most mind blowing awakening to me was as soon as I stopped believing them, They stopped talking. You also have acceptance, gratitude, and to believe to support you in this car. But like any support, you have to ask for it and then do the work.

Sue Bryce | So focus. If you don't understand why you're getting something, or why something is showing up the same way every time. Just look at what you're focused on and how you feel about it. So go into the car. Listen to my thoughts and my feelings.

Sue Bryce | And whatever they're saying on repeat in that loop, However, they're reacting. That is what you are focused on. And what you're focused on is what you are attracting more of right now. Oh, now you know you gotta get the quiet in this car as possible because you wanna be driving in alignment. Now being out of alignment means someone else is driving the car and guess what?

Sue Bryce | It's one of those idiots, my thoughts, my feelings, my fear, self doubt, avoidance, or self hate. Well, one of those old stories, I don't think old stories should ever be driving a car. Self a witness will bring you to self acceptance to magic. As soon as you define these narratives, these little monsters in your car, you can learn to silence them. And then it just takes a small step of emotional bravery.

Sue Bryce | In a moment of experiencing an old story or an old emotion you're gonna become so aware of this. You're gonna say, wait a minute. I can step past this old emotional response now. I can form a new boundary in this moment, or I can just wake up and say, I don't wanna feel like this anymore. And I'm done.

Sue Bryce | You can choose to believe a new story at any time. You can choose to reframe your past at any time and tell a new story. Our goal every morning is to process our emotions through the filter of our past and reconnect to our now, power up our lives, power up our personal goals, more connection, more fulfillment, deeper meaning, and you cannot get into alignment until you learn how to master my thoughts and my emotions. You cannot create anything from a place of resistance. The resistance is in your car.

Sue Bryce | Right? I have solid evidence that alignment is just pure magic, and that's when you get my thoughts my feelings connected to my heart, what I really want, and my focus. Because Then I'm in perfect harmony. I'm energized. I'm empowered, and that is the feeling of abundance that everybody talks about.

Sue Bryce | Our goal every day is to get to emotional mastery and get into alignment with what we really want and who we really are. Take everybody for a little drive in that car. Listen to them, and it's going to take you a little bit to work out exactly who the voices are that are speaking the Lourdes.

Nikki Closser | Okay. Yes. This is exactly what we needed to hear all about how this works. So But I do couple questions. Like, I was listening, and one of the things you said was you don't have to believe these voices.

Nikki Closser | You just have to

Sue Bryce | charge. So you can think anything and it's gonna send out an electric charge straight away. You emotionally respond to it because we contrast and compare for safety. Your brain's always looking for safety. If you think a thought that is threatening in any way or frightening in any ways, straightaway, your emotion is gonna be one of trebidation or maybe oh, I'm gonna be alert.

Sue Bryce | Anything that's close to an old story of rejection instantly, we attached to those. And before you know it, we just thinking thoughts that actually don't serve us from the past, which feel like they're now, which makes them happen now. We keep ringing back the same thoughts and responding at the same feelings, and that's why you can't grow past your emotional response to anything because if you react same way to the same problem, you're never gonna grow past it. The idea is when you hold space for me or when I hold space for you, is I want you to grow past your emotional response. So I'm questioning you as to what your emotional response is to this situation.

Sue Bryce | And if you're telling me that your emotional response to that situation is rejection or anything like that. I don't talk about what that person did to you. I don't talk to that I talk about why you feel rejected here because it's always a past story, right? So straight away when you connect it to the past or your the filter of your past, you start to go, oh, yeah. That triggered me in this way because I believe this because I'm carrying this.

Sue Bryce | You do this work. You start to realize people are not attacking you at all. You know, you are living through that filter. So you do not have believe that thought and the the feeling you absolutely should not believe that, that is just a response to the thought And if the thought happened 20 years ago, like, let's say somebody threw shame on you, and they said, you're not good enough. You did you did this, and you carry that shame.

Sue Bryce | And then suddenly that the shame story that's coming up? Well, you might be overreacting to something completely ridiculous over here, but your body feels shame. So that feeling is real, and it's not and now my feelings is like, I'm ashamed. I'm ashamed. And my thoughts is like, because you're disgusting.

Sue Bryce | That's why you're ashamed. You're disgusting. All my thoughts is over inflating with ego going, you're better than all these people. So you just get stuck between my thoughts and my feelings, and you don't have to believe either of them. You have to you have to question my thoughts.

Sue Bryce | And you just have to let my feelings respond without attaching to an old narrative. And that's one of the How does things to do when you first start? But the best part is is how often you get caught in believing them when you first start.

Nikki Closser | Sue, something you you have taught about before is how when we feel something, we have 90 seconds to feel it. And then if we are continuing to feel it, we're holding on to it. Can you talk a little bit about that concept?

Sue Bryce | Oh, I'm gonna I'm not gonna get the author's name. It's an amazing woman, and she's a neuro scientist and she wrote a book and I'm gonna say, is it the brain that changed? But basically, she explains in it that the way the brain works, you feel an emotion for 90 seconds, But after that big wave of emotion, in order to feel another wave of emotion, you have to think another thought. And maybe you're gonna think the same thought gave you the first emotion, which was why did they say this to me? And then you're gonna repeat that thing to you again so that you can feel that feeling all over again.

Sue Bryce | And you will keep repeating that statement for, I don't know, the next couple of days or 38 years. And every time you think that thought, it comes back into your brain with the same emotion that you put it in there with. So if it was filled with shame, you're gonna feel shame. And yet your thoughts went, I don't know why this is happening, your feelings went feels like shame, thoughts went, oh yeah, you're shameful. You've got shameful behavior.

Sue Bryce | You just dig all that up, and then you just went back and you just shined a light on that shame story from 20 years ago, and it's unbelievable that we do this. But we do. So it's crazy. I I I just this loop, once you learn how to break the loop, That is the most powerful step you can take because it's the first step to emotional mastery. It's been able to grow through your emotional response to anything.

Sue Bryce | So when you do ask someone when you get more practice at your awareness to hold space for you, I would like to be able to come to the table with space that's more like Nikki, I know that I'm doing and being something, but I can't quite see it. I need you to hold space for me so I can thing reflected back at what I'm doing and what I'm stuck on. Or I know there's an old story back there. That I'm focused on, but every time I go to look at it, I go back into the story. I feel the emotions so I can't possibly reframe it or bring it to the light or talk about it.

Sue Bryce | And it's never what anybody did to you. It's the way you responded to it.

Nikki Closser | You actually answered the the next question that I had about how how is it that you can't grow past your emotional response is.

Sue Bryce | So yeah. Because you're in the emotion. Right? So I always look at it like this. When I talk to you about something, I'll say, how did that trigger you?

Sue Bryce | And you'll go, And you're always careful what you say because you know that whatever you say, I'm gonna use against you. Right? But you can't lie because I can also feel that you're lying. So It's like, you know, you have to, like, go, what really was it? But before, right before you say the truth, you go to say a little lie.

Sue Bryce | You'll start it with something like, I think it's and you go, oh, I didn't ask you what you're thinking. I asked my feelings My thoughts thinks a lot of crazy stuff, but my feelings is responding. So when I ask you what your feelings were, you go to your thoughts. Everyone does the same thing because that's the story. That's the power.

Sue Bryce | You don't wanna own the crying three year old. Because then you have to tell someone you're a crying three year old, and nobody wants to be a crying three year old, and we all know three year olds are terrorists, Right? So I always think to myself, everybody goes to their thoughts. And I was like, yeah. I know what your thoughts are.

Sue Bryce | Your thoughts are wrong. I wanted to know what was emotionally responding here. And as soon as you tell me, I felt jealousy or I felt envy or I felt frightened or I felt unsafe, as soon as I get the feeling, I know what thoughts start driving this feeling, and I and I see it really quickly. When you start getting in between the feeling, Like that, you stop feeling it. Because then you're observing yourself attached to the old story.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So I've tried this recently. I had an argument with my husband over something that actually hurt me. I was hurt by it, And I removed myself, and I went into the toilet, and I cried. And I sat there crying, and My thoughts, I I my observer was like, why are you crying?

Sue Bryce | Because my observer does not talk. It can ask a question, but it doesn't talk. Why are you crying? And my feelings is that

Nikki Closser | my feelings are hurt.

Sue Bryce | And I, like, listened. And I was like, cool. Then I was like, my thoughts, why are you upset? And my thoughts were upset instantly came up resentment. But my my thought was I can't believe we're having this argument when I've done this, this, this, this, and this.

Sue Bryce | And as soon as I heard myself think that I was like, oh, that's the combater in me that wants to go and fight to, you know, make this feeling go away. I wanna go and preserve myself, save myself. I wanna go, you know, how dare you say that to me when I did this, this, and this. And so As I'm watching myself process this, I was like, is this true? And I was like, no.

Sue Bryce | Is this really how you feel? Well, yes. So that means you've returned to being a people pleaser because that means you're doing stuff and not setting good boundaries because you're feeling like people are taking your time now and you're getting upset about it. And I was like, and then I'm like, are you really upset with him right now? And I was like, so I just sat there and it's always about me.

Sue Bryce | And and then I was like, I still wanna cry. That's what I said to myself. But I still wanna cry. And I said, really? And as soon as I said it, I was like, I couldn't cry anymore, but I was just testing myself because I teach this.

Sue Bryce | And I know I do it, but when I am in a situation, I'm very rarely in a situation where I'm emotionally confronted or you know, upset about something, but it happened. I had this stupid argument with my husband, and I got upset about it. And then I removed myself, and I watched myself process it. But before I processed it, I tried to go to fight, then I went to resentment. I checked out all those bad boxes first just to see if I was the good one and he was the bad one.

Sue Bryce | Right? So I was like, no, wait a minute. I'm doing more than you, so I'm definitely gonna win this fight. Oh, no. No.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. I'm resentful, but then I look at it and I go, what am I doing? So now I just kind of watch my own mind. I take them over a drive. Listen to them.

Sue Bryce | And when that old story comes up, straight out of my car, and I love bringing I love bringing dragging the monster out Like, that bad thing, you gotta bring it out. So to me, when I find a bad thing, like, I don't hide it. If there's envy in me, I tell my friends because I'm like, I felt envy. I was watching this woman on stage, and I couldn't even give her respect. I wanted to leave the room.

Sue Bryce | I felt envy. I want what she's got. Like, I wanna bring that to the light and not have envy eating me up inside, but realize that's a call to write a goal list. So To me, it's like, bring it into the light.

Nikki Closser | Sue, I don't know if you remember this, but many years ago, I was like, I came to you and I was like, feeling like jealous of this person, and I couldn't figure out what, like, what was going on. And you were like, Nikki, what does she have that you want? It's envy. And I was like, light bulb. Okay.

Nikki Closser | And then we we made goals together. Like, okay. What is it that you truly want? It was, like, that conversation was revolutionary for me.

Sue Bryce | You know, envy is, a great emotion. It it's it's a blocked emotion. It means that you want something and you don't know how to get it you think somebody else is getting it over you. And weirdly, like I said yesterday, you know, and and the other videos, it truly is You believe someone's taking away from you in that moment. But envy is envy is good.

Sue Bryce | I went home that day. I wrote down everything that that woman had that I won it. And I I created it. I made that for myself, and I definitely did that. I don't feel envy anymore.

Sue Bryce | I don't feel envious towards people. Once I broke through sort of abundance, learning how to create for myself, I no longer look at other people and think, oh, they have that. I look at people. I'm so glad for people that they have things. I'm so glad that they're achieving things and that they're in flow and that they're in alignment.

Sue Bryce | Like, That's all I could even want for anybody. I don't I no longer feel the envy. So if you do feel it, that's a call to self love. It's a call to write a goal is to action, write down everything you think this person has. Oh, that's what I was gonna say.

Sue Bryce | Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint. And people would attack me on, oh, not attack me, but write horrible stuff online. I never ever argued or fought back online when I was building my brand. I would just go in with love and say, like, you know, and so when people would try and shame me or say, you know, you're not even that good. We don't know why you're so up there on that stage, you know, even that good.

Sue Bryce | I would kind of just come from a place of, like, I know I get a lot of support. So A lot of people believe that they could be a lot of things if they had the right support. And then they see someone like me who has all the support. I have such a phenomenal team around me, amazing people, and people look at me and go, oh, she's so lucky, or they'll resent me or hate me for being successful because, clearly, I have people around me that support me and they don't have that. So you can see how that envy resentment is definitely for a lot of people, and it was there for me.

Sue Bryce | It was so big for me. I was just so envious because I didn't know how to create it for myself, and I would see people. And I'd think I don't know who that birch thinks she is, but, you know, and then I would just leave and I go, I'm disrespectful. I'm disrespecting this person. I really had to hold the mirror up to myself.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | And that's that's the thing. Like, if people start to feel kind of bitterness or or something towards someone else, it's looking, stopping and thinking, well, what do they have that I want? And Do you know how many people we sit in front

Sue Bryce | of you, Nikki, and tell you that they're not better. I'm not a better person. Really? Really? How much are you gossiping?

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | Gossiping is one of the most pure evil things you can do. Everybody, gossips when they're envious, or triggered in fear, And ultimately, what you say about me holds more truth about you. So all gossip must stop when you do self value work. Whatever you're saying about other people, it's really about you. So you've gotta stop all gossip because gossip is envy and resentment.

Sue Bryce | That's all it is. Spoken out loud, other people doing, and you're doing it. You're doing it. You're being it. You're saying it.

Sue Bryce | You're saying it, and you're empowering more drama. And then you're just gonna attract more drama because gossip is competition. And, yeah, actually gossip is your first pathway to narcissism. You believe that? It truly is.

Sue Bryce | It is because it's one of those things where we don't own anything we do for ourselves. When we gossip, we blame other people for the things we do, And that's by definition, a narcissist, someone who takes no responsibility for their actions and believes that they, you know, are more. So I'm like, get away from it right now.

Nikki Closser | Well, I know you talk a lot about all of this within the self value workshop, but it was just something, you know, I thought would be a great bonus video for you to just lay it all out. So this has been Super great.

Sue Bryce | I love it. The self family car is awesome. You know, I I'm always checking if who else is getting in and out of the car, but I feel very confidently that those 3 stay in the car and that the other ones can get kicked straight out to start using it, start seeing it. Start seeing the difference between my thoughts and my feelings and the response. I think fear is just constantly whispering in the background.

Sue Bryce | So I don't even listen to fear anymore. I listen to fear only as an instinct. But those 2 in the front, if there's any anything out of alignment in my body, in my soul, in my in my life, it will come up in that front seat, and those 2 will start squawking, and all you have to do is take them for a drive. So enjoy the self value car. Let's head over to suffering.

Nikki Closser | Sounds good. Thank you.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive Bonus – The Self Value Car ====
