==== Start of Transcript: Money Mindset 04 ====

Well, Nathan here is cookie snoring. Anybody came in right now that'd be like, mhmm. That's it. No worries. I think she's fallen asleep.

Can you put the camera on

My glasses, when I look up, I get those the two aperture lights and the lens, and it just looks like I've got, like, these more coral bottom. I don't know why I had so much static electricity this morning. I went and got a dryer sheet. And, like, rubbed my hair with it because I was, like, static out of India and came right down. It's funny when you go into the live, unless you press play, you don't come into the live window.

You have to please play. No. It's just, it just shows the banner with a play, and it doesn't go to the live until you hit play.

Just going live. It'll take Gina a couple of hours.

We live right now. I did help yoga on Saturday. Uh-huh. I'm getting into it. I really like it now.

It helps that I can, like, get through all the flows. It proves you kinda lying down a lot, because you don't pass out. You're taking lots of, like, little breaks. I'm just gonna be wanting to ask them. But now I can get through the whole thing.

So now I'm kind of, like, challenging myself. I didn't like Pilates, but I might have just had not a good Pilates instructor. I, almost horny. I need to my abdominal muscles. Is she a really high up?

She was making me do this exercise, and I was not strong enough to do it. And she keep making me do it, and I told her, I was like, and that they popped out. I nearly got a hernia in them.

Oh, I just realized. Let me put this back out this hole. Pre cool is gonna be loaded. Is it normally there? Normally, when we go Okay.

You might as well because then people will have a good point to fast forward to. That's exactly right.

80 seconds.

Mhmm. Are we on? Alright. Tell me if you're out there, if you can see me, and if you can hear me, Please talk to me today as much as because I love the feedback, and it really helps me. So I'm just gonna get started because the longer I sit here, the more you have to fast forward in the rewatch.

So I'm gonna start talking and start recording. And, you guys can just come in and, chat with me whenever you want, and you just tell me if you've got and Sierra. So actually might wait. K. We just do, cheap for me and make sure that That's refreshed.

Yeah. Go on. If you can see me and hear me out there, give me a comment. Awesome. Hi, Cynthia.

Nice to see you. Alright. I couldn't see your chat, guys. I don't know why, but you're here now. So There's lots of questions I want you to ask today.

That's why I want to go a bit slower. Okay. Alright. Let's get started. So when you did this Thrive budget that I've been making you look at for the last 3 weeks, I noticed that you added a whole lot of stuff that you want for you that you don't ask for now.

Was that an awakening, or was that a frustration? Or did you feel the weight of what you've been avoiding crash down on you? Like what have you done? How could you have been so, you know, how could you be avoiding to a point of creating a big problem over here? So Tell me what you mostly felt because this is really, really important to move forward today.

Today is I'm gonna teach you the how I've been telling you not to focus on the how because the way you focus on the how blocks it from coming to you. So we're gonna get to the how today. This was really about the what. And then the awareness and the awakening of what was really, really going on inside you and what's happening. So give me some feedback.

I wanna know I wanna know what it feels like when you looked at that Thrive budget, and you realize that everything that you want is in this space between your survival and your thrive. For, you it was an awakening. That's a good one. The weight of avoidance. I know the weight of avoidance, and, you know, I've just been writing about this for the workshop because this is hard, as I started to do this sort of spiritual work or this thought work, because that's really what it was, reprogramming my thoughts, I started to just hate on myself because I was pulling out all of my avoidance, all of that, you know, bring out the big, scary, ugly thing that you that you wanna hide.

And, you know, I felt like I was digging in the sand. It felt like everything I touched was another insurmountable problem, for me that I really couldn't get over, or I would get through something, and there'd be another big one coming, and I just realized that I'm just learning how to process with self value, and learning how to process myself with self value. It made me feel sad. That's a big one. And you know what?

At the root of, the sadness, Cynthia comes anger. So if you find yourself angry, come back to that thought that you said about feeling sad, and then go back to what you were missing out on it in your life right now that is giving you sadness, because it just attaches to anger so quickly. I had to acknowledge and dismiss, the is this too much? Yeah. Is this too much to ask for?

Am I being too much in this world, and yet 10, that comes from being not enough. Right? Stacy, it made me feel like an ant on an iceberg. Tiny and out of place like I see where I should be and where I want to be, but I also feel like I'm standing in front of a mountain Stacy. I used say that I was standing on the precipice of a canyon, like a Grand Canyon, and it was so big.

And I was so tiny. And I could see all the way to the left, and I couldn't go around, and I could see down, I couldn't go down, and I could see over there and I could see to my right. And I knew that I wanted to be on that side, but there was no bridge. That's how I used to say it. There was no bridge.

And then one day I just built a bridge, and you really build a bridge. Fearful. Yes. Kennna, you can be fearful looking at your emotions because they're the emotions that you hide from, and they're the emotions that you put away So this is where you have to have compassion empathy and forgiveness for this self first. Today, you're going to learn the how of bringing money to you, and you're going to come to this one beautiful truth that I am becoming.

Okay. It's no different than I choose to believe. It changes your life. I am becoming. Sarah, I learned that I literally stop spending money on myself and only went with bare minimum to just pay my bills, stopped all the joyful activities, like exploring amazing restaurants, wine tasting, we used to do every week.

It's very sad, and I feel like every time I look at it, I get so frustrated because I work more I should earn more and enjoy life more, but you shouldn't be working more. You need more alignment, and you asked a great question in the group. So I'm gonna answer that today and give you a really good example. So what did what you didn't realize is every time you went into the mold he burst to work on this Thrive list or this desire list, or dream list because it really is a dream list until you write it down and make a goal of it. Every time you went into the multiverse and did this desire list, you dream of being someone.

Okay. You think it's I'm going to have this trip, and I'm going to have this house, and I'm going to have this business. But what you don't realize is it's so intrinsically tied to your identity you're seeing yourself traveling. You're seeing yourself in this house, this house looks a certain way. This house is the house you dream of and the more clarity you bring to that multiverse, the quicker you're going to get into alignment, with what it is that you want, but what you didn't realize is that the whole time you're in your in your multiverse for Thrive, you were dreaming of being someone.

So who are you in this perfect, abundant world? Are you behaving exactly as you're behaving right now? You know, the definition of freedom is to ask somebody how much money like, how how much would a $1,000,000 change your life? And for people with money pain, you believe that is significant amount of pain relief. You would not only be debt free.

You would be out of that black hole. You'd probably be able to stay family members, people you love, you would get the space you want. You would get everything that you wanted for a $1,000,000. If that $1,000,000 would change your path right now, you are not walking towards the person you dream of being. So who are you in this perfect, abundant world?

Do you look like you now, or did you physically change in this beautiful Thrive world where you're getting all of your needs met. Are you exactly same? Do you behave the same way? Do you do the same things? Okay.

Or have you imagined yourself different in this future? Because you believe that if you have this abundance, you would be able to be all of those things, but you can be all of those things right now. In fact, becoming those things will bring that money to you. It's no different than finding love. People always say, I wanna find love.

I wanna find love. Cool. Write down the top 20 traits of the person you want to attract into your world and then look at that list. I guarantee you those 20 traits are about you. I also guarantee you that if you are not everything on that list, how could you expect the person that you attract to be?

So your goal would be to become everything on that list. Who is this perfect person in this perfect Thrive universe? Have you imagined yourself different than you are right now. Okay. The lifestyle you have in this Thrive multiverse, how do you wake up every day how you plan your day, is it a big step from what you have now?

Do you look different than how you look now, and how different is it? Are you now in your survive going to a job you hate now, but you fantasize that when you have this drive abundance, you won't have to work. Is it gonna work like that? Or do you need to come back to the reality of what that dating processing is like? I'm gonna check-in with what you're saying.

Please talk to me. Mitzy, yes, in my abundant world, I prioritize self care. You're going to prioritize self care today. Mitzy? For these past few months, I prioritized health care and more money will just help me do more.

Yes. It will help you do more of that. But when you're the priority, that's money direction, and money's gonna come up for you to be that priority. With her been showing up for myself, nice, and advocating for what I need. My partner has done the same for himself, and we are growing closer and more joyful.

Yes. Because self respect is paramount and respect in a relationship is primary. So the fact that you're both respecting your own boundaries and time, it makes you show up better for the person that you're in love with. For me, it's 80% different. I see it, and it looks very hard for me.

I know I see the big things, and I need to break it down more. Cynthia, I don't want you to be somebody else in this future. Money does not bring change. Money does just brings you more opportunity So what you believe about yourself, how you prioritize yourself, how you self care, self respect, self love, self process, And changing this self perception is going to bring you everything on that list. Stacy, I've finally given myself permission to be fully myself in it's been scary because I feel like people don't know the real me.

That's the point of being a people pleaser, isn't it? Is that so busy people pleasing to make other people happy. We stop being who we are down to the way I dress. I'm gonna address that today because I finished with that. I've had a big awakening there too.

I feel an upheaval happening since they started this. I'm excited and slightly terrified Remember, we can't be terrified of our emotions. We're the ones that get stuck in them every single day. Linda, I get stuck between people pleasing and getting out of my comfort zone and knowing the difference. Am I doing this thing I don't want to do to please others or to grow in confidence.

Okay. So even when you're doing something that you to grow in confidence or to challenge yourself, it should still feel good because that's alignment. Okay? And that is really, really important I fall back into people pleasing all of the time. So I had this mantra, Linda, and I said it to myself the other day.

I woke up and I said, What do you want? Never mind them. What do you want right now? I just keep saying it. What do you want?

Then I had a weird experience at the hairdresser, so I'm talking about, how I dress, and then what the hairdresser said to me. I'm gonna finish with that, but to me, I just keep asking myself the same question. So this lifestyle that you have in this Thrive universe, how big is it a step from now, and how do we bridge the path to become everything on that list? That's our love list. The Thrive list is our self love list.

No different than writing a list to attract love. If you were writing a list to attract love, you're gonna come everything on that list. You look at that Thrive list and tell me who you are in this abundant world. That is who you are be coming That is who you're becoming. Chiyoda, Araja, I love your mantra.

What do you want, or what do you want? You know, we always say to people, what do you want? But it's what do you want? And you know what? As a people pleaser, I would have said to please you.

To please you. And a good balanced human would say please yourself. You know, so what do you want? After my bigger awakening, every time I go I do. I go back people pleasing.

I read over and over what I write about myself. Okay. Here's the thing about people pleasing. I'm not gonna stop being a people pleaser. It gives me the greatest joy in life to please people.

But the problem was never that I gave my time and love to people. The problem was it didn't come back in equal exchange. So how about this? Every time you people please someone, say, what's in it for me? And ask for something in equal exchange.

Stop trying not to be a people pleaser and start to level up what your equal exchange is. It's not that you give is that you don't ask for anything in return, and you expect that people are gonna give it to you and they don't. And then you feel butt hurt. Hash your butt. You don't get butt hurt by not asking for something.

Yes. I'm watching Ted Lesso right now. And I've been saying, hush your butt. Hush your butt. Oh, wicked.

It's that simple. Stop trying to not give to people and start asking for the equal amount in return. Show up for yourself. Speak up for yourself. Ask.

Ask. Set a boundary. Ask. Demonstrate your boundaries. Ask.

It's all asking. Okay, so that's what it's about. Stop trying to not be a people pleaser. You're always gonna be a people pleaser, but you're not a people pleaser, when you're in equal exchange, you're someone with good boundaries. I'm becoming someone with good boundaries.

I'm becoming someone who asks foreign equal exchange. I am becoming somebody that is valuable. Got it? Got it. So if you're going to a job you hate right now, you need to change your mindset about this job or change the job.

If you can't change it, accept it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, accept it. If you can't accept it, change it. What do you do if you can't change it?

Yeah, you gotta accept it. What if you do if you can't accept it? You gotta change it. What do you do if you can't change it? Oh, you've gotta accept it.

It's not what you're doing. It's how you're doing it. How can you possibly get to this abundant life if you are spending your day giving your energy out of way. Right? I am becoming this week.

Now We have to create a path for everything on that Thrive list to come to us, but first, we have to identify what our current self perception is. And it's this it's this current identity or whatever state you are currently identifying Now you can ask yourself, am I identifying as a people pleaser right now? That's a great self truth question. Because if you are, that means that there needs to be some asking inserted today, and you're going to say I am becoming someone who's brave enough to ask for an equal exchange. I got goosebumps.

Did you get goosebumps, or did you wanna throw up in your mouth? This is what it's all about. This self perception, what am I identifying as right now Am I identifying? You know, I said last week, have you accepted help as control? Or controller's help.

Because at first, when we need help, the control feels really good, and we need it. But then we start to feel controlled, and you forget that you asked for help, but you didn't ask for control, you asked for autonomy, but if you wanted autonomy, you shouldn't have asked for help. And when people give you money, they power you, when you give people money, you disempower them from learning how to ask and go and get money. Because you do it for them. You take away the shame for the moment, and then it comes back to them because they are living in shame.

Okay? That's a real big one. And I need you to just look at this current identity on your Thrive list I am a woman who goes without. I am a man who does not put himself first or what they dream of. I prioritize all others and don't ask for more.

That's the identity, money identity you're currently In fact, we could write your money identity around your survival budget. How much control you have over money how disempowered you are around money, how much flow you have coming into your life. Right? Right there is in your survival budget. Now look at the identity around the Thrive budget in order to become this person on this right budget, your identity has to change.

Guess what? Mind it. Mine changed significantly. This is about 13 years ago when I started to get on the world stage. It was on the world stage that my age, my physicality, my body image, my weight, everything came to the altar because I was already an out standing business owner.

I had already mastered money and mastered business and income, and I was growing my business, and I was traveling the world because as you step into more self value, you start to grow more and look for more. That's part of the how, of becoming more, but what really shifted was my identity, my physical identity, my physical body, how I present myself to the world because suddenly I was up on stage, and I did not like what I saw. And I was gonna get in the way of that really quickly. All the other instructors that were on the same platform in the same industry as me were younger and thinner and bright and shiny. And they were like natural stars, and I you know, talk at one rolling sentence, and I curse, and I swear, and I I'm rough as guts, and I'm older, but I'd walk to walk, and I could talk the talk it came through, and that authenticity was there.

But if I was going to compete in this arena, I needed to bring myself to be more, and I just noticed that my identity changed dramatically from survive to thrive because I don't exist on the survive budget. My life does not get sparkly and joyful on the survivor budget. That's not the life this this drive is not the life I'm living. The survivor's the life you are living. Right now, I did my surprise this weekend.

Yeah. It took me 3 weeks. And it's not for any other reason that I was, like, just waiting in LA felt inspired to actually do the work I sat down. I did the survive. It's good.

I'm great. I'm in a good position. I've been working on my money for 20 years. And but it's not growing. It's not growing.

I want I want to you know, have more things. I put in 2 big trips. 1 has to be to New Zealand to my family, so I have that. And I really went through everything, and I saw where I was being passive, but saw where I was no direction. And now I have to grow to the next level, but I'm also growing my platform, and I'm doing that at a time when my identity is about to shift again.

And as I sold my company in 2021, when I sold that everyone kept asking me about my identity, and I'm like, well, my identity was not based on being, this thing, being a photographer, but it was. For 34 years. So I'm gonna talk to you about the how and what I really changed in myself, when you start to look at this Thrive and your money identity around the survive, when you look at this Thrive budget, there's a whole lot more staff care prioritized in this ride. So you now need to make that time. In this divide, you might not have the money to do it, but you're gonna make that time because when you do and you honor it, that money is going to come to you.

Mark my words. That money is going to come to you. Oh, this is my magic button. Okay. That money is going to come to you.

Alright? My magic button. Alright, so let me go back. I always say every single day, you've got to wake up connection, you get that clarity, You connect, reconnect your goals, you process yesterday's emotions, you find your hard connection, you find the commitment to yourself, to put yourself first, to put yourself on that list, to start walking towards this, you get into your alignment, with what you're creating every single day, you've got clarity, and then you've got direction. And once you've got direction, you focus on that every single day, and you start to grow.

Now, I just want you to think about this. I call, the taps of wealth, turning the chats on. So if you have no investments in your life and you can put investments, as a little, you know, in a little box on your notes, you can also put income. I put income first because most most of us have an income. It's either a wage or we're supported by a spouse, or we have, you know, supported by family, or it could be a trust fund, or it could be your salary, your job, or you have a business income.

So for me, income is just a tap that's always turned on. And if you're not getting good money flow right now, that tells me that taps dripping, or it's just it's piddling. And we want to make that flow. So we're gonna turn all of our wealth taps on. The second tap is an investment.

An investment investments are often long term, especially if you follow Warren Buffett and anything to do with money is long term growth, but there is a million way to invest, you can invest in businesses, you can invest in property, you can invest in stocks and bonds. You might not see a return for a long time, but you're still growing wealth, especially for your retirement, and it's more likely that you're into investing And if you're into real estate investing, when you have children, because when you're a double income with no kids, we have a different priority. We don't want to necessarily go for longevity in our money, but what we're enjoying the most now, but making sure that we have a retirement. So those two taps are on. Now there is a tap that I don't have an investments that I, sorry, that I add that could be an investments, but to me, it's passive income.

Passive income is when you make money while you sleep, digital products, anything online, and there's a million ways to make passive income and especially from your investments. So we wanna make sure that we're turning all of these taps on and that they're coming at a flow. Now as you start to work in self value, you start to process an alignment in self value with what you want, you're going to go to the most obvious revenue vertical of self value, and that's work. Under the work vertical falls getting a job, or maybe you have a career, you know, and the difference is kind of obvious, you know, when you're working towards a career and you want to elevate that career, for some people, it's a side hustle, which would be part time business or just part time passive income. And then it's business creating a business, growing a business, starting a business, right from scratch, it doesn't matter, but those 4 those four parts sit under work, And this is the first place we're gonna go to to get our income and start turning that money up.

Now, I'm asking you to start to value up in all of these. So whatever one that you're valuing up, whether it's I need to go and get a job, I need to get a new job, I need to get a better part time hookup for me so I can do this and do this. If you have a career right now and you're not moving forward, you're not elevating, you're not asking for more money, you need to really value up in that area, or start looking at is this the right step for me, and that's going to bring more income. Both of those things will bring more income to you. You start to see yourself a little bit differently.

You realized on your Thrive budget, there's a whole lot about you. There's a whole lot more you want to be And suddenly, everything that you really like to do, like your side hustle and business, you start to see maybe I could do that. You start to see maybe I could grow to that next step. Maybe I could get my business to that next level of money. You're seeing yourself as more And as you're processing in self value every day, you're seeing yourself as more.

Now you're looking for more you're asking for more, and it the first stop is gonna come from these 4 areas. Now, in all the areas of your life, there are 2 other areas that we get money. That is from our family area, and that is from our relationship area. Because sometimes we are, supported by a spouse for whatever reason, whether they're working and you're home with the children or whether they're working and supporting your dream. It doesn't matter.

That is still a path to income. Alright? So We always look at all those other areas, but it's that work area that I really want you to focus on today because this is the fastest how to get to where you want to go. So if you don't have a job and you realize that you have no money, power or you're very disempowered around money, you don't have your own money, your your, focus right now is to go and get a job or a side hustle or part time job or a part time side hustle that's going to start giving you your own income. And the problem with asking how is every time you tell people they're gonna have to ask for more, they're gonna have to do this, you bring it back to a logical step of going out to get more clients or going out to get a job.

And what you need to do first is get into value alignment get into alignment with the magic that you wanna create in that specific area first, because it's going to bring the path to you clearer and faster than ever before. So when you start to wake up every day, get into alignment with your goals and your dreams, you just start asking for more. You are asking for more. No. There is no shame in getting a job.

You're right, Nick. And you know what? I feel like if you're starting a business, or a side hustle, just this money work and self value work will drive that value up very, very quickly. You know, I don't even believe in going and getting a part time job the way I used to believe in getting a part time job. There is so much part time hassle out there that you can create really good income online working from home.

So I know there's a million ways to do it. You've gotta start asking how in the multiverse, but not how is it coming How do I grow this? How do I value up this? And you watch the energy in your life change exponentially. You can't ask how.

You know, everybody says, I'm asking Ethan, and it's just, I mean, how is it coming? You're not. You're saying I'm trying to control how it's coming. And you can't control how it's coming. And the only way you can get flow is instead of asking, how I want you to do this.

How? I'm gonna go to the multiverse and walk every path of unlimited potential until I find the path that lights me up. You don't ask how because that is a prayer of woe, that is crying out for what you need and not seeing more. That is scarcity. You've already decided it's not coming.

You're back to the worry. You're back to the scarcity. You're back to the how, but how, but how, and it's not but how. It is I am the poison. I am the antidote.

I am the purpose. I am the power. I'm going into the multiverse. I know how because it's either a job or a career or a side hustle or a business. And I know exactly what I wanna grow.

I just did not think I was worth growing and expanding in that way, until now, but I am becoming more. And I am asking for more, and I am seeing more and I'm asking more equal exchange because I give and I give and I give, but don't you dear sit in front of me and say, I give and I give, but it's just not coming back. That means you are not asking for the equal exchange back. So value up the only how should be asked with excitement. How?

How do I wanna spend my day? How do I wanna spend my money? How do I want to earn my income? How? How do I want to live?

Not how is it coming? Where is it coming from? Right? It's an entirely different way of asking for how. Drop and give me to winning you know, you know, you've been in my coaching for a few years, if you yell out drop and give me 20.

I'm a drill sergeant when I coach people because I've always been a drill sergeant to my south. And to me, when people would say my marketing is not working, I go, cool. Give me 20 marketing points right now that you could be doing, and everyone freezes. And I'm like, drop and give me 20. Because there is so much power there but you are stuck in the how, you're stuck in the but how, and you're not in the creating universe.

And you can get into this creating universe right now, yes, let's up value. Ask me more questions. How is not where is the money coming from? You know where the money's coming from. How is how do I infuse this with more value?

How do I infuse myself with more value? Everything on your pride list is you becoming more. What was it for you? Mind myself care. There was no self care in the survival list.

The self care was all in the Thrive list. I already have the things I want. Those things that bring me joy that don't have connection unless you give assign them connection, you know, meaningful things my home. I already have those things. For me, what was it my survivor was a lack of self care.

I want to eat better. I want to connect more with my body. I want to have better body image, and I want to like my body more. So why was that not on my survive? I realized now I've got to start bridging that gap and becoming that So I want you to ask these questions.

If I had this Thrive money coming to me, I would be If I had this Thrive money coming to me, I could dot dot dot. Give me 10. Give me 20. Give me 30. If I had this Thrive money, I would become dot, dot, dot.

What would you become that you are not now? This is about you becoming. This is not about you asking for more money. This is about you becoming more. And then money is just going to show up for you in equal exchange because you are showing up for you at full value VIP highest priority pouring from a full cup.

If I had this Thrive money right now, what would I become? Who would you be? How would you look? Get an image of the person you want to become with this Thrive money. I want you to create an avatar right now of the person that's on that list.

You already are that person. You want to be this person every day, then be it. If you really wanna be this person, then be that person every day. You're already there. You are here to create yourself.

Right? That's what you're here to do. And you're going to create this new identity with this new money mindset, and more money is gonna come with it. Because as you step into this new identity, this new thriving identity where self care is paramount, what you want is important and prioritized when your emotions are processed with self love because they are important when you are setting boundaries when you are standing up for yourself, when you are waking up in alignment every day, that joy is going to bring you more. I was in the multiverse on my lawn mower today thinking of all the skills I have and what I can use to make more money.

Yes, Stacey. I believe I have all the skills I need to live the life I want. I just have to give them a chance. No. You've gotta tell people what they are and stop keeping it to yourself.

You know, it can't be the best kept secret. If I had this thriving money, I would become independent Independent from who? Let me give you a great example. I value my hair. I would rather spend money on my hair and wear a black t shirt or a white t shirt or a gray t shirt because I'm very monochrome.

I don't wear a lot of patterns. I don't wear a lot of bright cover colors. They overwhelm me. I like to be minimalistic. I kind of I like to say that I like to dress like a supermodel.

You know, just a white t shirt. That's all I need. And having fabulous here is a really big thing that I value. I've always, my whole life had waist length here. It has a lot of cultural significance for me.

It has a connection to my mum. My mum had Waist linked here. When I was born, it's just something that is part of me. The 5 years ago, when I started to go through puree menopause, which nobody talks about, by the way. And Oprah's now talking about it, but she's 60, so she went through this a long time ago.

I've lost over 75% of my hair, and been getting shorter and shorter and shorter, and I've been wearing bad extension clippins and everything to try and hide it. But what happened was, I started to lose this connection to how I looked, and I grieved I didn't feel like myself. And, I just felt like I keep saying to myself gracefully surrendering the things of youth. Now, I started to get extensions put in but then I couldn't keep getting in because they just really damaged your hair. And so I started to go to shorter natural and wear clip ins, and I just hated how I looked.

And I lost that, that joy of loving how I look and how I present myself to the world. And it started to really weigh on me. And when I was talking about it in Italy at the workshop last year, I started crying, like, balling. And because I just couldn't just saying it out loud was hard for me. So last week, I went to get my hair done, and The girl said to me, we do this really amazing weft extension, that I can Braden, that, you know, not gonna damage your hair.

And she instantly put she only had long extensions, and she put them in, and they were long. And I said to her, okay, but I'm 52 next month, and I think I should wear my hair shorter. And I'm losing it so I can't really wear a long extension anymore. And I'm telling her all of this and she looks at me and she goes, She does look on your face, because I think she could tell that I was not being genuine with what I was saying. And she goes, what do you want?

And I just I looked at her, and I was like, thanks, because that's the thing I would have asked, right? And I don't want my hair to be cut to my collarbone. I hate that look on me. It's just not who I am. I'd rather have a shaved head.

It's either gonna be long, or shaved. And my husband doesn't won't let me shave it right now, which I think is, you know, not really fair, but And that's how I wanna look. I I'm either a long head girl or a shaved head girl. I've been both. I've only ever done both, and I had to edit that interim.

So how I look is tied to my identity and what makes me happy, and it's part of my persona online. It's part of who I am, as I said. So losing that was really significant to me and how I look. And then I just realized something. When they put my extensions in, I wasn't telling people online that I was losing my care.

So if I never said anything, I still have the same here that I had 5 years ago. It's different now. It's not mine. Okay? Now if I never told you that, you would think I had fabulous here, and you would never know the difference.

So I felt like an imposter that I had extensions in, that I wasn't telling people it wasn't my hair. Again, none of your business, how I choose to show up and represent myself, and what makes me happy. I wanted to be okay with telling people that I'd lost 75% of my hair because if peering menopause is coming up for you, I need you to be prepared for this. If you've been through menopause and you lost your hair, I want you to feel okay about losing your hair and not go and run and spend a $1000 on hair extensions, because I want you to accept and love yourself. So how I message that was really important.

But at the end of the day, how I choose to look is up to me. And I'm here to make myself happy and fulfilled. And this is my hair. It might be somebody else's, and it might be stitched onto my head, but it represents who I am, how I feel good, how I love myself, how I show up, how I, what I prioritize, what I value, what I spend my time on, and what makes me feel good as a human being. I also thought about my brand going out into the world, and I'm like, I do have this unique hair in the sense that I'm older.

I'm in my fifties. Why should I cut my hair to my collarbones? Because I'm in my fifties. Why should I pigeonhole myself like that? I can be whatever I want.

I can say whatever I want and do whatever I want and represent myself however I want. So part of this Thrive, this new money you, is this new identity that you're stepping up into And if you go back to your day right about now and you start trying to manifest all the stuff on your Thrive list, I want you to start becoming the person that's on that trifeless to tell me who that identity is right now. What is it about you that is going to change really significantly. Now you can fully be that, yes, Stacy, stop hiding. Show them who you are.

It's okay. Thrive Money allows us all to say no more often. It does, Jim, it means that we can prioritize ourselves more, but that's not true. Cause if you don't prioritize yourself now, money's just gonna make you more of what you already are. So that sounds like this, right?

I hear you on the hair, and it's significance along with the perimenopause. It's brutal. Perry Menopause is brutal. Menopause brutal. Kick my ass that I am coming out of that fog.

Mine was the longest it's ever been to my waist until last week when you cut it, ah, yes, you do warn you're here. Yes, you do. These body changes are hard. I'm trying to challenge myself to adjust to the changes. I'm challenging myself to look even better.

You know, my body has changed so much. And I always say you're my most loyal follower, you're my my most loyal supporter, and I wanna love you And I'm gonna love you even when you're flabby and wrinkling and old and and losing collagen, and I go, really? You know, I can walk. I could run 5 k. I would not look pretty doing it, and I probably would limp for 2 days, but I can run a 5 k.

I could run a half marathon. Again, it might take me 4 a half hours, but I'm a tenacious little bunny. But, you know, I'm I'm good. Like, I don't I need to lighten up all the time. And so right now, my conversation's been about lighting up with myself.

People with the audacity ask is that you're here I know. It's the weirdest thing, but, you know, it's also like something we don't talk about, something we do talk about, but I feel the same way. It's like my girlfriend got her boobs done, and she I've had a few quite a few girlfriends had their boobs done, and just about all of them, but I think 2 have taken them out. Personal choice, the 2 that have got them are happy with them. Everything's great.

And people walk up to you all the time and say, are your boobs real? And I'm like, people ask you that? Like, I've been with her when people say, are your boots around? And she says, they're real nice. And I was just like, you know, what's the point of paying for something if people ask you if it's real?

Like, are those fake eyelashes? What? Are there eyelashes? Are those fake nails? Are those what are you saying?

So then I realized it's nobody's business, how we show up. It's who we are and how we feel good. Read hormones, health, and happiness to kick perimenopause. Oh, yes. I'm on it.

I'm I'm actually, for me, the secretor's diet. Yeah. Sadly, I gotta get off sugar, I gotta cut back on alcohol, I gotta get off all processed food, which I've done this year, and it changed everything. No heart flushes. No symptoms.

So good. And off the hormones now. Hi. Hi, Hai. Ask me more questions.

I started talking about my hair. So I wanna look like me, okay, I felt like an imposter, and then I realized that how I show up is really my business and how I want to show up is my business. I don't wanna judge how other people show up. I don't want people to judge how I show up. I'm online.

They're gonna judge. That's fine. Somebody will make a comment and it doesn't really matter. This is how I like to look. This is who I am and how I choose to wear my hair is for me.

So I want you to get an image of the person you wanna become from this Thrive money and become this person. Let's focus there. Value up. So a friend pitched the workshop to me recently. And I listened to the whole thing, and I loved the concept, and then she said, At the end, she was like, I said, how much are you gonna charge for this workshop?

And she said, I don't know. She was like, How do you price your workshops? And I was like, well, I value up. And she said, what does that mean? I said, well, I imagine the playing field that I want to play in.

So I look at online, who are all the players in this industry on that stage in this in this sort of, area that arena that I wanna play in. Okay? And then I imagine myself playing in that field with those people, right? This is in the multiverse. So my how is here.

How? It's not but how. Okay. It's how. So then first I see the arena I want to play in, and then I see all the players in the arena.

And I'm like, yep, I'm gonna be in that field over there. Then I look at what they're all charging because it all will be within a certain amount of money. For whatever arena you choose is the one that you're most attracted to plan. Am I a $79 digital product? And when I see $79, most digital products range from $39 to a 129, and that average is around $79, and it's a digital product.

Make money while you sleep. Am I a digital product creator? And I'm more of a $1800 per person, 10 or 20 people in person for 2 days workshop kind of person. Or am I more of a sort of 699 to 999 Masterclass series online, or I could do, like, a a smaller version of online class, like 299, those are products. Alright?

And I'm looking at that playing field before I've decided which arena I'm going to play in with which instructors at which price point. So let's say I'm gonna put myself in the $2000 live coaching workshop, like, say, Marie Folio, and I'll I can name 5 or 10 players, guys and girls in my arena. Right? So as soon as I decide, which arena, yep, I'm there. That's definitely how I want to deliver my content.

I see all of that. I simply work out the how much content I need on the subject that I'm most excited about teaching, I look at that and I simply say to myself, how much value do I have to put into this product to compete in that arena with those people. There's more. All of these price points that I just said have significance because all of these paths to income have an action that I have to perform, and I want the one which lights me up the most. So then the next question I ask is what value do I have to add to this workshop to compete in that arena?

I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Let me rephrase that. Let me rephrase that. Okay.

I want to dominate in this arena. I don't wanna play in this arena. I know there's enough for everybody. But when I look at valuing myself up in comparison, I don't look at the con they're doing this and I'm doing this. I want to give more than what they gave because I want to be more valuable.

And to me, I was like, how? How do I add more value? Because I don't want to just play in this field. I want to dominate. And if there is a current market, I can see who's dominating, and I or who's pretending to dominate.

Thrive money will allow for LASIK invisalign and more tattoos. Now, LASIK invisalign Okay. Those when you think of something that you're correcting, like in this line for teeth, my sister's 54, and she never got braces, And she doesn't say many resentful, resentful things from childhood, but this one thing she said was because I never got braces. She said it to me like 3 or 4 times. And now she's starting to monetize and thrive, and I sort of said to you, let's keep you some invisalign, because it's something she's always wanted to correct something in her mouth that nobody cares about, but that she holds as being something that she wants fixed.

Prioritize that for yourself now. If that's gonna make you feel good, anything like that that's gonna make you feel good, prioritize it now, and then it's not on the Thrive anymore. Giving it direction, money will show up for this. You even noticed a direct connection between honoring your body's needs and being in alignment. Well, okay.

I can get kicked out of alignment really quickly because my avoidance behaviors are tied to my body, my physical body because it's pleasure. So if I'm not eating well, I am avoiding eating or avoiding something, and that means I'm usually overeating or eating processed food or sugar or something that's trying give me a feeling. So, yeah, my physical wellness is going to deplete instantly because my body does not respond well to sugar and processed food. But when I'm avoiding, whatever I'm avoiding, I wanna binge on those foods So, yeah, the direct correlation is is if I get out of alignment, I'm gonna eat bad because my avoiding is to eat it. It's just it's just what I do.

It's so good too to do it. But it just hurts when it's happening, and it hurts the next day, and it mostly hurts my soul because I know I don't want to be somebody who avoids things. All of these paths have a person I need to be. Alright? All of the paths on your thrive have a person that you need to be.

It's someone you think you are not now, but you are. So I want you to change all of your language right now to I am becoming no different than I choose to believe. I want you to write as many I am becoming as you can, and I want you to play I am becoming, and it doesn't matter how frustrated or stuck, make an I am becoming for it. I'm becoming wealthy. I'm gonna get you started.

I want you to write a few for me too. I'm becoming someone that loves the way they look. Again, because I lost that. I lost loving how I look, and it's not important. What you think how I look It's that I love how I look.

I'm back. This is who I am. I'm becoming someone who stands up for themselves. I am becoming more. I am becoming my true self.

I am becoming independent. That's a good one. I'm becoming aware of my power. I am becoming whatever the hell I want to be, I am becoming so I set my focus and emotion with intention every day because I am becoming And you are becoming right now. You're becoming wealthy.

You're becoming self employed. Give me more I want you to start seeing it as becoming. Now let's talk about the how, because I know you wanna ask me the how, but we're not saying but how are we? We're only saying how? How?

Everything is solution focused. Everything is love focused. If we are problem focused and drama focused, we're gonna get more problems and more drama. Everything everything is solution focused. But what you are becoming is you.

What are you becoming right now? I'm becoming someone that yoga. Oh my goodness. I've actually got to a point now. I've, I think it's my 13th oh, no.

It's my, sorry, 20th class. I can now, feel the muscles in every single yoga sequence I'm doing, I'm feeling the equal and opposite tension and flow and strength. And now I'm doing each pose properly, because I can really feel the right muscle. Oh, it's I'm becoming someone who likes yoga. I've always wanted to be someone who likes yoga.

I am becoming Give me some more. I want you to change your I am becoming to every single area of your life where you give yourself a hard time. You know, and you can't say I am becoming less of a people pleaser because I don't think you become less of something. I don't think that people pleasing was the problem. I'm becoming someone that asks for equal exchange.

Health that I'm becoming someone that looks at their debt with no shame. I'm becoming a business owner, that is not afraid to ask for money and work. I am becoming come on. Give me some more. I want some more.

Nobody's giving me any becoming. I am becoming weirder. I'm embracing my weirdness. You know, I love embracing my wetness, but then I really, really do. I, I am wet and wonderful, and I don't say that I'm I used to say all the time, but I'm weird.

I'm such a weirdo. Oh, but I'm a weirdo. Now I just say, but I'm weird and wonderful. I don't say I'm weird without being wonderful. I'm becoming self sufficient.

Nice. I'm becoming self compassionate. Nice. I'm becoming healthier. Good.

I am too. I'm becoming someone who employs a money manager. Nice, Tammy. I have a money manager. I have a bookkeeper money manager, They even pay my bills because I suck at managing my money, but I don't avoid it because I pay somebody to do it, and it's not actually that expensive, by the way.

I'm becoming a person that takes action on their debt Oh, jin, I'm making my debt, my bobs. I'm becoming the person I should have been at 25. I should have would have Prada, Ellie. Should a woulda Prada. No, no, no.

I am not going to take away the last how many years of living, you learned, you loved, you created, you made, don't you dare say that, change it? But becoming aware of what I need. Oh, Siobhan, I'm becoming someone that meets their own needs. I'm becoming somebody that knows what they need and becoming less busy and well rested midsy. Oh, I'm becoming someone that self cares.

I'm becoming someone who manages my time better. Yes. Prioritizes myself, Emerald, I'm becoming someone who doesn't care what others think. Well, you know what? You do because you said it.

So why don't you just say I'm becoming someone who loves who they are, Linda? I'm becoming an investor. Nice, Jen. I am an investor too. I'm becoming someone who takes action versus learns, learns, learns, learns.

Tea Party. We learn. We learn. We learn because it's like kids playing Tea Party. They're pretending to eat tea drink tea, but they're not really drinking the tea.

It's okay. You feel like you're working on yourself. Now you are someone that gets into alignment because alignment forces action. I'm becoming someone who's got their money path together. Yes.

Okay. I am becoming the artist I want to be. I'm becoming wealthy, healthy, nice, more vocal about what I want. Very good. I'm becoming louder.

Loudera, I'm becoming a biggest, stronger, fuller version of myself, 9 Saroja, I'm becoming a musician Cool. I'm becoming a better teacher. I'm becoming self aware, abundant, yes, an off grid lifestyleer. Nice. I'm becoming someone who loves me.

I'm becoming someone that doesn't wear I'm so busy as a badge of honor I've got too much on my plate. I'm so busy. People, women say that. And the reason they say that is because they're saying yes, when they wanna say no, but mostly, I'm so busy. I'm so busy.

I'm so busy. I'm so overwhelmed. I have no boundaries for self care. Okay? So if you're if you say I'm too busy, I'm not even going to that's not a badge of honor I'm too busy is I will not prioritize my self care.

So instead of saying, I'm so busy, say, I am not prioritizing my self care, and I'm becoming someone who prioritizes self care. I'm becoming someone who knows her worth. Dawn, know your worth, add tax, and a good profit margin, What's our time checks here? I'm becoming peaceful. Oh, I am becoming serene as one of mine.

I'm becoming Sareen, I'm becoming more forgiving to myself and others, I hope. I am becoming an owner contractor of my dream? Yes, I'm creating the life I dreamed of, and I'm more with boundaries. I'm becoming wealthy and aware of what I need to live the life I desire. Do you see how the how has changed.

The how change changes from but how to How do I grow? How do I flow? How do I add more value to this area, how do I add more value now? The biggest awakening for me came from I actually said, what is your money style last week? How do you like to give money?

Because however you like to share your money, whether it's paying for people, lending it to people, whatever, that's who you really are. Stop trying to not be that person. And be the person who instead is becoming, just aware that they are a giver and that they are not speaking up for themselves in equal exchange. Okay. Because when we ask for more, It's not the giving, that's the problem.

It's the fact that you don't ask for equal exchange, and therefore, you don't receive it. Alright. Questions for me go. I'm becoming someone that asks for what they want in equal exchange without any hesitation or guilt or shame, or agonizing afterwards. Don't you realize that when you don't say something or say something, you agonize over setting the boundary afterwards.

I'm becoming unstoppable. Oh, here you are. Here you are. I am becoming honest. I am becoming I had to become honest with myself Stacy, I had to become honest with myself first, and then I had to become honest with speaking out my needs because I didn't know how.

And if you can't see boundaries and you are writing a sign that you wear around your neck that says, I do, my name's Stacy, and I do not set boundaries you can change it to. I am becoming someone that is setting boundaries, ask me now, ask me now, and I will set one with you I'm becoming honest as a good one. What I notice is once the tap starts flowing, it flows and flows and stops flowing because I get overwhelmed with all the work coming in, then you have no boundaries, Vanessa, because if you're telling me you're too busy, then I'm going to say, and set some boundaries. And if you're burning out because you have to work, too much work, you're saying yes to too much work, and you're not charging enough because if you were getting enough money, you would have enough money to go and live the life you want on your Thrive instead of working your guts out and not getting paid enough. So if you're too busy and overwhelmed, you need some boundaries, and you need some self care to go and prioritize those.

How can I create constant flow instead of spikes? The thing is with business is that if you're profitable, as soon as you cross a certain margin, that money starts to accumulate that at 1st in your business, you can live month to month just like you do in your survival. But as your business accumulates money because you're getting enough money because you're getting paid right and you're getting the right amount of work and good clients, then what happens is you start to accumulate, you pay your tax is they're still an accumulation of money. The quicker you can get that accumulation up to $20, and then $50,000 means Like my business operated always at 20,000 in the beginning, then I got it up to 50, then it's net at 75, for in my portrait studio, this is 2008, 2009, when we hit the financial crisis in 2008, We had $75 in the bank, we had 8 staff, and we didn't stop making money. We went fine because you know who's swimming naked when the tide goes out.

The only way you can get around spikes in business is to save more for the downturn months in the up to 10 months, but you're going to get better flow now because you're gonna ask for more work. You're gonna put boundaries around that work, and you're gonna ask for more money. I've become someone who opens your mail and looks at my bank account every day, Ally, you're in control. I'm becoming someone who is in control of their money. And no one can take it away from you when you're in control of it.

And That means that all of that shame and money pain and guilt is gone because you are now in control. And the only battle you have is to fight the emotion that wants to avoid looking at it every day because whatever that emotion is, if you can process that, you are free and clear. Now I want you to look at it and say, every day, I look at my money, and now I'm becoming someone that's making it grow. And just look at that money and say let's grow. How?

How? But how? Means you're back in money pain. But how? How?

How do I grow this money? Let's go? Every day, grow, grow. I'm becoming a person with better boundaries. How yes you are.

More questions. I've got more time. And I'm happy to hang around and talk because you guys have taught me so much. I'm now working towards, I'm creating the workbooks for the workshop. Oh, so good, and I just love them so much.

I've just really enjoyed being, back in this work and I've really enjoyed going back through my money programming and I had a really good talk with my husband about it. We sat there on Sunday, by the pool, and I was like, so I've done our survive budget, now thrive budget, and I sort of laid it all out, and he was like, I could see him going like, oh, interesting. So, you know, it's you don't get into alignment with someone else. You don't need to. But just that open alignment dialogue with each other is awesome.

When you're deciding to change your career because you can't accept it, but you've been in that job so long, what's a good way to start looking for your new path in the multiverse? I started walking the multiverse first, but are these skill tests? Well, they really should be. Like, I don't think I need to skill test myself on the multiverse. I know what I'm capable of and what I would love to do, so get creative there.

Get creative. And really, when you already know the path, right? The thing is is you're not walking it so there's some resistance in that path or there's some blocks on the path and you can't quite find a way to get through and you're back in the weeds again, you're back in the butt. How? When I was a young woman, 30 have never had long hair.

I always have long hair. Right. Kitty, my mom had a bowl haircut. Her mother literally gave her a bowl haircut. For all of her young life.

It wasn't till she was sixteen. She lived home when worked as a midwife in a hospital, she grew a beehive And then it was a 70s, so if you grew waist length here, parted in the middle exactly like how I went my hair. And then my sister and I had waist linked hair because my mother didn't get to have it, right? So she wanted us to have beautiful hair. That's why the hair's a connection.

I'm so glad this is where you start making big gains is when you really come to this week of identity and start working out that you're not being the person on your Thrive list and your survival list. You're just not. Ask me more questions. My husband has started listening to your power talks. Excellent.

Excellent. I love it when two people can get on the same page, you know, because it really will help you move forward. You're gonna get out of alignment in a lot of areas like how you spend money and how you save money. It's never exactly the same. But to be in alignment, at least with your goals, and, you know, what you're working towards is definitely important.

And sometimes, like, I've got friends in my life and family members who have partners that are tanking with money right now. And, you know, you've gotta put up some really solid boundaries around what you're gonna keep for survival. And what is okay and what's not okay, especially when you've got kids. I'm going to leave these recordings up. I said I'd leave them up for 30 day.

And then I'm gonna start coaching again. I won't be doing a coaching for 3 or 4 weeks sorry, for the the 2 weeks after this because I'm preparing for the in person workshop that we're having here. But then I'll start coaching again as I cut back. So I would like to be able to do some more coaching too because I love this because I get more information And also, this is the moment I start to see you breaking through now. I had the money alignment to it with my husband, and he was somewhat upset that I am just coming it now because he's mentioned it in the past.

Yes. Also, I feel like, when I talk when I work on my money manifestation or when I work on my goals and my dreams, Like, I know that I'm really working on my process, and I know that his process is gonna be different than my process of what I'm seeing, saying, doing, being around money, and how I feel about asking for it. For instance, my husband has no problem asking for money. So whereas I did, right? So we're gonna have different styles around money.

But what I really love is the idea that we all want the people in our lives to be doing the work that we wanna do. And sometimes they don't wanna do the work that you wanna do and we get stuck on they're not moving. I even hear people say, should I leave my relationship? I think no. I want you to bring more love to the relationship you have, not leave it in order to have the life you want, I want you to bring more love to every area of your life and the love that you're bringing is self love, because you are important, and you are the purpose, and you are the power.

Can you refresh my chat, please? Emerald, I teach self value no matter what I do. I mean, all I've ever done as a business coach, is teach people how to monetize in self value and build a brand in self value and show up to their brand with self value. It's really all I've ever done for 13 years, is have a conversation about self value. So I will talk about self value until the day I die.

No. I would like to do some life coaching in other areas too. I'd like to do, several Actually, I I thought about that, see how you guys go with the money coaching. I also feel like right now, I wanna create more workbooks because you've gotta have the workbook flow there, and it easier to open it every single day and know what's there. And something that I got the most from talking with you guys this last month, was how to structure that, so I've written that.

So now I get to teach that in person, and then I'll put it into cards or books. Because right now, it's a lot. It's a lot to think about. You've got to go back and hear it again, and lights up different areas, and there's different light bulbs, and, you know, there's lots of steps to take. Alright.

If there's no more questions for me, I'll give one last shout out because I met an hour and a half. Oh, actually, what's the time? Because we did start 15 minutes early in the night that they're looking at a blank screen for 15 minutes. Oh, it's only called a past one. Okay.

If I got 15 more minutes. If you've got more questions, then I've got more time. So come on. Hit me with those questions. They can be curly.

There's no I know that I'm saying this to Jen, actually. It always makes me laugh. If you write something and I call you out for it and it's like, that's an obvious one, but it's so true. I do do that, then nobody else writes a comment. So I'm gonna call you about no matter what.

Alright. Talk to me about money coaching. Talk to me about how, more how, because it's where you'll get stuck, you'll get stuck on the how. And they say, don't don't ask how. There's no but how?

There's only multiverse. Inthos. Enthusiasm comes from the Greek word Entyos, which is to be filled with a god like energy inside you. I think that's alignment. I think Entyos is that godlike energy, it feels peaceful, and being taken whole.

It's not happiness. It's something entirely different. Yeah. She's snowing away the end of my table. I'm sick of living paycheck to paycheck.

I hope I can change my mindset. But it's not something that you hope for. It's something you do. So if you're living paycheck to paycheck, The one thing that nobody addressed, not one, was that they came to awareness of their spending. Like, how many things on that list could go right now that's gonna free up money straight away?

How many things did you hide? How many things did you not put on there? You know, how? Do you think about the how? There's no but how for me.

There is only how. I look at every problem as being a problem to solve. I am just a natural problem solver now. And I was not. I was stuck in the drama and the pain of it.

How do you walk through the multiverse with unlimited options. So let's think of something you really want right now. Let's do a multiverse on that you really want right now? Like, what is this one thing that you really want right now? Getting into your mind And I want you to go into the multiverse after this session and think of 10 different ways that it could come to you.

And every time you think of how it comes to you a different way, or I guess it could come to me this way, it's like a game. I want you to feel the feelings that you feel right there in that moment about what it feels like to have it. That's how I light up my path. Then I go, that's what I want. Then I hold to that thought, that clarity, and I push into it until I get more clarity, because I've already got that connection.

I'm sorry. We're moving fast now, and I think it's because of reply. So if you can just scroll up for me, I'm gonna dismiss that one. What side hustles are Okay. When we're starting on these changes, we understand what we're becoming.

Do we just blast through the pricing changes. So, Jen, the only person who gets upset by changing your prices is you. New clients don't know the difference. Old clients can stay at the old price list if they're good clients. And if they're not good clients, you tell them the new price list and they either go away or they pay it.

So what are you saying? Do we just blast through the price changes? No. I am becoming somebody who charges what they're worth. Why don't you just change us to that?

If we need to triple our Thrive, do we triple our prices? Nope. You don't need to triple your prices. You need to charge what makes you feel good in equal exchange, maybe you do need to triple your prices. Incrementally is your income.

You don't need to you're already asking for more, that's gonna give you this much more, and you're going to allow a certain amount. The increments is you. What side hustle comes to mind that are related to photography skills? Andrade, did you just ask me to tell you what your superpower is? Why don't you tell me what your superpower is?

Why don't you drop and give me 20 skills you have that could make money go. I don't have enough clients this month. Get online, get networking, get out and talk to people, make it happen, get connected. Okay? It's it's that simple.

Activate your alignment. That's all you have to do. Get into alignment. You know how to get clients. You know how to get clients.

Why are they not coming to you? I went to alignment and the how appeared to me in my life, the but how. The girl I help out was something important. The girl I help out was something important appear in a minute. She will come back and work as an assistant for me in she is strong in the areas that I suck.

I went to alignment and the how appeared to me in my life. Oh, yes. That's great because alignment forces the action. And when you're in alignment, you get the right people, the right conversations, the right growth. While I was working on unfolding, I was hit hard with something I thought was I was working past, but got stuck on.

You die broke and alone, and even though I've been doing work, still life as a co parent, the language pops up. Okay. So you've got somebody else's programming locked into your mind. That's what you're saying, Dawn. You're hearing somebody else's voice.

Say that you'll die broken alone. Okay. So in order for it to be true for you, you believed that. They just said it. People say out loud what you fear all the time.

That's why it hurt you because you believe it. You're still holding to the perpetrator of that crime instead of the crime itself and the crime is that you believe that. Right? Now people will say out loud, but you are struggling with inside. It's almost by magic.

That's why when we put ourselves out there online, you hear the one thing you don't wanna hear back at you, which is the one thing you are afraid of. So if you can acknowledge that you believe that when he said it to you, it has nothing to do with the fact that he said it, and that it comes from a belief that as you were being abandoned, you thought I'm going to die alone and broke. And if you can own that, acknowledge that, and forgive yourself for having that old thought, then you can say, I am becoming somebody. That no longer listens to the voice of their ex. I'm becoming someone.

Who thrives with money and is surrounded by people I love. Change it. So the clarity becomes the how. Well, the clarity is the how. Because as soon as you can see it and it feels good, you've gone past thought reaction connection.

The clarity of the path you're walking is the how. So without asking how, no, without asking but how, can we put the but in? Hash your but. But how I understand the concept of getting into alignment, but can you share some of your beginning steps to get there? What did you do on a daily basis?

I just spent the last 4 weeks telling you. I okay. Are you self employed runker? Are you part time? Side hustle job career.

Tell me where you're at. Okay. How do you create a routine that gets you out of thinking about the but how. Alright. The but how only comes up when your thoughts and feelings are stuck on something else.

Okay? You've already responded in emotion. That has brought you back to your thinking. You're stuck on how it's not working right now, instead of how it's going to work. And because you're worrying and thinking about it, that is your current attraction focus.

That simple. I'm currently transitioning from one area of my business to another. This is more in a realm that is not necessarily socially acceptable. My current business model, the work we've been doing has truly put me in alignment with what I really want, and I'm feeling inspired to work through how to get it today. I found the community I need to get me there.

Okay. So it's really don't say not necessarily socially acceptable, and just cut your own path. That's all I say. Okay. Self employed still in debt and in survival mode.

So if you're self employed, you're in debt, and you're in survival mode, and you're self employed, you know how to get money. You already know how to do it. You're avoiding it because so do you spend hours hanging out the multiverse or do you dip in and out all day? Dip in and out all day. All day every day.

Okay. Ranka, and you have to tell me, what your employment was. Oh, yes, self employed. Okay. So you're self employed too.

You know how to get work, but you don't because you know how to get more clients. You know you have to do these three things over there, but you avoid them because and your state of mind. Every day is the state in which you dwell. If you are dwelling in fear and worry, you're not going to get more clients. You've got to get into alignment first, and that is getting into a solution focus.

Solution focus. While I was, that's another one. And can we start, let's let's stop calling them, my abuser, too Dawn. They don't get that power anymore. They were my past.

My ex, dumb. I'm becoming someone that no longer prioritizes the voice of my ex. Okay. Your morning ritual is not is whatever feels good to you. I don't know what you're gonna wake up with.

Maybe you're waking up to 4 kids screaming at you. Maybe you're waking up to 12 dogs. Maybe you're waking up to 4 kids and 12 dogs. Daily ritual for me is to get out of your old head So it's that you sit down and that you're gonna connect with your goals and have a day that is filled with joy connecting in the way that you wanna connect. Not stuck in money worry, fear, drama, gossip, avoidance, going straight to Facebook as soon as you're awake, going straight to Instagram?

No. My needs come first prioritizing staff care, prioritizing myself, prioritizing my body, my body image, how I look, my physical movement, how I live, how I relax, how I interact, that is self management. Every day, I just have to process my thoughts and my feelings. Now if I get stuck in my head, I need to process that. That's a daily ritual.

Get up and live your day. That's what you have to do but do it with self value, do it with equal exchange, do it with this conscious awareness that everything you seeing, saying doing and being is attracting more of what you're getting right now, you're doing it. That's what you have to do. Yes, there will be another in person self value workshop, but not until later in the year, because I'm traveling to Italy in June to teach at Graphy, So that's a combo, portrait and Sao Paulo, and then I'm going to New Zealand in July. I'm currently transitioning from one area in my business to another, oh, every one already.

Any more questions? I get in a good flow with my money mindset, and then something unexpected happens and I spiral. I come back, but I don't know I don't like how long it takes. Is it? So when you say something unexpected happens that takes money from you, or something unexpected happens to make you go back to feeling bad about doing and having.

You know, tell me that. For those of you that were asking the question, but how do I not, but how don't be afraid to keep asking the same question. I still can't get this, but how? I still can't get out of the butt. How?

It's okay. That's where you're stuck. The whole point is that you get unstuck. That you see that you're stuck in the but how. Start there, that awareness is released to awareness instantly, Okay.

So something happens that takes money away. That means you get that emergency fund, the emergency fund is gone, That means it's not enough, which means you gotta ask for more. Because when you ask for more guys, there's more. They're just enough, doesn't go away. You know?

You don't have to feel good all the time, It's not something you have to hold a focus of feeling good and happy all the time, but if you're spending your time in conscious worry, about not what you don't have, that is what you are attracting and empowering right now is more of that. Any more question? You know, okay. While you're writing more questions, I'm going to laugh a little bit about when I first started to find my value. So once I started my business, and there are a million different ways you can start a business, but you know, and you're just starting getting starting to get an income.

It was very clear to me I could not speak out my prices, which was my value. This is when I started working on my value, and I knew that there was a really simple step that I had to take where I had to say the money out loud. I had to actually speak it out, and then I had to stop talking in order to receive it. That was my sole focus was to stop talking and tell my work. And I got really good at that.

So that was something I had to push myself to do, and then it opened a money flow, of course, that took me my business, my little business in my garage, $2,000,000 in income a year. That doesn't mean I was keeping it. I was getting paid $50 a year, which was the same as my other 6 employees. 8 ended up being 8 in the end. And so I was asking for more money and more money was showing up, but I wasn't giving it direction or keeping it for me.

Now if you already have a business, if you have a job or a career, you have to ask for a payer ride. It's that simple. You either have to start a side hustle, or you have to ask the person who's he who has the gold makes the rules for more money. But it probably means if you're living month to month that you're not getting paid, Well, you know, you should be anyway, and you probably haven't asked for a pay rise for a long time. But if you have a side hustle and a business, That tap is turned on quicker because it's your tap, but it's also you're in control of how much flows.

And once you start a business, self value brings you to the alter. Money brings you to the alter real quick. Because you have to be able and because they're tied together, because sales is a value metric, anything you make, It feels like it comes from your soul. We're all afraid of rejection. And so we stop putting ourselves out there as like business owners and people who are important and people who deserve to be paid, and we stop asking for equal exchange.

Ultimately, what I'm saying is you gotta get up every day, process your negative emotions, come to solutions, And then put yourself out there as you're walking this path with more value asking for more value and that's gonna be difficult. You're gonna have to have some difficult conversations asking for more. But if you love who you are and you believe you're worth more, then you're stepping up to receive more, and that's what it comes down to. As a photographer, did you ever charge money, but felt that professionally you weren't that good enough? Yes.

I did that last week. Andrada, it's not a good place to be. And, you know, but after 34 years, I fundamentally knew know that the work is not what it could be or should be, but it's good enough because somebody paid for it and wanted it. Do I still struggle with that? Yes.

I do. Yeah. For the artist, self doubt starts a breakfast. But, you know, it's guilt and shame. I see other people doing work that's half as good as mine and charging twice as much.

Is that on them or is that on me? Do you ever get in a loop about, for example, being sad about your hair and then realizing you have to change it so you don't attract more of what you don't want? No, I don't get in the loop about my hair. I get into the loop would be I don't feel good, and I'm not attractive. So I don't like how I look, which means I dress different, I stand different.

I don't hold myself the same way. I don't interact the same way. I'm gonna be less. I'm gonna be less in the room. I'm gonna probably put a hat on.

I'm gonna have my hair in a bun more often, which I don't like. I love wearing a bun. At home. But if I'm ever on a broadcast with a bun, I apologize. It means I didn't blow out my hair, and that meant something happened.

That I didn't get to blow up my hair, and that's one of my highest priorities. So you can imagine when that priority fell, I stopped self caring. I stopped going to a salon. I stopped getting blowouts. I stopped giving myself blowouts.

And that changed the way I treat myself. So, yeah, there is a cycle there that's a big cycle. I've asked for more, raised my prices, but felt like I'm not worth it. So now I have this shame. Okay.

So you had the shame. That's why you didn't raise your prices originally. The shame's always been there. It doesn't just appear. And the point of shame is that you're saying I'm a bad person.

And I'm a bad person. And I suggest that if you feel bad about what you're creating, that you need to fall in love with what you're creating. Go and fall in love with it. Like fall in love with doing it. And if you're not falling in love with doing it, go and do something else.

It's not for you. You know what you have to do. Stop telling me you don't know what to do. You know what you have to do, and you are avoiding this one thing. You all know.

You're avoiding it in your own life. You're choosing to avoid it. And when you say, I need to put my prices out, but then I put my price is up, but I don't think I'm good enough. So now I'm filled with shame. All I hear is me, me, me, me, me, me, I'm your client.

What are you giving me? You're too wrapped up in you. And I tell you what, if if there's too much me on the table in front of you, then there's too much. I'm mean centric. I am focused on me.

I've got me, it is. It's me. It's validation. It's that is me. I need me, me, me, I need to be told that me is good that me is enough me.

And if I hear too much me, I'm like, I got the meitis, and that meitis is just it's it's I need more money, but I can't judge more because I'm not good enough. Sorry. I'm making an example out of you, but I am. You are the voice of thousands of people. You are the voice of millions of people right now, because you're telling me the solution.

And in the same line, you're telling me the answer, And in the same line, you're telling me why you can't have it, and you're the one making the rules. Suck it. I've recently raised my prizes in my business photography side of business, and I haven't booked clients since. Why not? Do you feel bad about it?

If you feel bad about it, then how are you gonna get clients? Are you really asking me that question? Ask me the real question. Come on. You gotta get to the core of it.

All of the questions are about it's happening outside of me. And it's not tapping inside of you. As a photographer, when you sold your business and stepped away to focus on self value, What did you fear the most? I solved my business in 2008. 9, 2009.

My photography business. I sold that business to start my education business. In 2009, I moved to Australia and did not start my education business, I just started taking portrait clients, and I was doing exactly what I had done in New Zealand, which is what I know. And I went straight back to the same money I was earning in New Zealand because I went back to what I know, and I didn't break out. So 2010 was the year that I came up and said, Enough.

I know how to do this. I am struggling because I am not walking this path. I am not allowing it in my life. I am not making room for it. I railed at the universe I said, I want this, and I want that, and I wanna teach workshop around the world, and I wanna write content, and I wanna be on stage, and I wanna be a speaker and I wanna do this and I wanna do that.

Balling my eyes out. Like, the universe was doing that this was god. Well, she's getting there, I guess. Well, when she decides, We'll just give her everything she wants, but right now she likes to cry a lot and ask for rent. So here I am, like, I wanna be there.

Did I wanna be there? But I wasn't doing it. I was talking about it. I was afraid of it. I wasn't doing it.

Once I started and so then I did the whole I'm at rock button. I've got $2 50 left I don't even know how I'm gonna feed myself this week, and I really did not know. Then I booked $10,000 worth of photoshoots and 4 days, and they called me. You when you write that, You're writing the solution. You're writing the poison.

You're writing the antidote. And then you're writing the excuse. This is a conversation you're having with yourself. You're the only one involved here, and you're the only one that's not letting it become. Yeah.

Get that shit done. Come on. More questions. More questions. Go for it.

Let's go. You know, every time I raise my prices, I felt bad about myself, but like I said, old new clients don't know old clients that you like to keep can just stay on the old price list. Where does the bad feeling come from? Oh, it's my self value, but we don't know what that is, so I can't describe it. So what is the feeling?

What is the feeling? Tell me what it is, but you can't describe it. You just think If I put my prices out there, I'm gonna get rejected. And you don't realize how much of that energy is going out there. Can you give me a little refresh?

Oh, yes. So when you feel tingly, and you get the moment, you're just like, what? But right now, You hold the keys to your kingdom. You really, really do. You hold the keys to your kingdom.

Don't worry also for those that have a wage or a salary that are gonna go and ask for more or or get or upgrade that job or that wage or that salary, when it's business, there's no cap on it, but again, there's also no system. So they both have a glass ceiling. It's just a different glass ceiling. But when you're self employed and you've chosen to walk this path, The biggest frustration is that you have all the tools to make it work right now, and you're not doing it. You're choosing not to do it because it's a big scary thing.

Oh, yes. There was no Facebook. How did I do that? There was no Facebook. There was no Instagram.

I didn't get my first Facebook page. Until 2009. 2012, I think I posted, like, 6 times. 2012, I got my business page. March 2012, which is crazy.

You know, people pay for what they value. It's just an offer. We do it every day, assess that what thing we want and buy it, and what we're willing to pay for ourselves. For someone who's coached business for 13 years, yes, it's a simple fact. It really comes down to But it doesn't matter how often you can say it to someone.

It's just an offer. You're just making an offer of value. The fear of rejection is equivalent. Remember? In the power talks, to being eaten by a great white shark, killed by a venomous animal, Or basically dying horrifically, the top 5 ways you could die being socially rejected is up there with those.

So when you love who you are and it's filled with value, the rejection is not the same. Okay. I just want to tell you a couple of things whilst I'm chatting away to here. I started TikTok last week and just put a few reels up on TikTok because obviously as a speaker, reels is the place you want to be. And, TikTok and Reels, obviously, because we bounce out on our social media triangle.

And one of my and I'm I'm sitting anywhere between, like, 200 and a 1000 views on those rails. I on Instagram, The unlift life of a parent real went to like 35, 36,000 views, but TikTok did like 370,000. So I just had my first kind of little viral bounce, on tiktok, which is cool, and That's really exciting watching that engine. Start up. But like everything, every new thing So for instance, I have, you know, 100 of 1000 of followers on my social media, but I started a new Instagram account for self value, and I have 7a 1000.

So when you compare me with other coaches on Instagram, I look like them, and I have less followers and less posts. So for me, it looks like I'm starting again, and I don't have the benefit of, you know, bringing this massive audience with me, I have to build it, which now is exciting. Everything I do now, I try and think of the coming up the mountain, the same view, different altitude, I always trying to assess my altitude because I know I've seen this before, and I've been here before. And I've experienced this fear before, and I've experienced this rejection before, and I've experienced a new brand and new content, and I've experience breaking through. So there are so many things that I'm having, same view, different outer the moment too, and I wanna stay cognizant of all of it because it's really exciting.

I also have money in the bank, And I'm, you know, am not, like, where's my next monthly paycheck coming from? Because I've been working on my money for 20 years. So I'm having a really different experience building this. There's a really big part of me, Jen, that wants to go back to the I'm so busy, I'm so overwhelmed. But that just means I'm not setting good boundaries.

There are so many areas that my last two businesses got out of control in, never with money, always with my time and my time boundary that made me a terrible, horrible person to be around, stressed out melting down, crying, you know, just overloaded, overworked. I never wanna go back to that, but I naturally do. It's really part of who I am, and I really do go back to it. So, just constantly resetting my boundaries every single around my time, what I'm getting, standing up for myself, and really setting that time boundary was the biggest and hardest thing for me. Now I have just a little moment to, like, just build this business different than how I built the last 2, and I don't have to bring all that baggage with me.

And those old beliefs, and they're really done now. So it does take time to change, and it does you know, you gotta work through it and become, but I really want you to understand in order to get from this survive budget to this Thrive budget, that identity around the survive, maybe we need to do a little bit more work on identifying who that person is and who you're becoming in this Thrive budget, because right now, you're going to do a big identity shift. And every day, you're mostly processing that new identity, a new way of standing up for myself, a new way of demonstrating, and selling boundaries, and you have asking for more. And it's intrinsically tied to your job, your career, your side hustle, or your business. So as we become more in our everyday life, we're going to become more in that job, in that career, in that side hustle on that business.

We're going to become more. And then we look for more, and that's when we really start asking for more. So this new identity, embrace it, really spend some time with the old money identity that you used to have, and let's put that to the past. People pay for what they value. I don't have a fear of rejection by potential client about what I offer.

I know my value there. My fear is more about rejection from a societal standpoint and peer perception. How would you suggest I deal with that? Self value. It's really no way.

People can judge you and, you know, actually chicken on this. If you feel judgment, you're judging, right? What are you judging? Are you judging others? Are you judging yourself?

Yes to both of those, because you know that that's true. We all do. Contrast and compare. So come back to your judgment. And start being, I'm becoming a person who is aware of judgment.

And how often I'm quick to peer judge. And if you're worried about others judging you, then walk in your authenticity always because it's like people are going to judge you, hate is gonna hate You know, it's usually just saying out loud what you're already thinking inside your own head. But when it said out loud to you, it feels like it's outside of you, even though you attracted it. And you looked for it because that's evident. Alright.

I'm gonna leave you. I'm gonna love you and leave you. I have an in person workshop to prepare for. I'm so excited. If you're coming to that, I can't wait to see you.

I can't wait for you to experience this incredible venue, and I've been creating these beautiful journal packs for you and, oh, I've got piles of them all over my house right now, which is awesome. If you're coming to Italy, I'll see you in Italy in June. Oh my gosh. That place is amazing. It truly is such an, just a phenomenal place in the food and the wine.

I Absolutely love. You can still hit me up for questions in the community group over the next couple of weeks while I'm focused on this in person workshop, and then we'll come back and do some more coaching. And it was great to see you thank you all for your feedback. And I hope, you know, when you keep asking the same question, Sometimes you just gotta keep asking it until you hear the answer the right way. So don't be afraid to keep asking it.

Alright? It was great to talk to you. It was great to see you, and thank you so much. Have a great week.

==== End of Transcript: Money Mindset 04 ====
