==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 10 - Community ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome back to deep dives. I'm Nikki Closer, and I'm here with Sue Bryce. How are you Sue?

Sue Bryce | I'm good. Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | We're on community today. I love community. You're so good at building communities. We're part of so many communities All of it

Sue Bryce | is good. I put community and social together because, you know, social also goes with family. I feel like nowadays people when they don't have a good family unit or they're not close to their siblings or maybe they've lost their parents or they've parents have fallen away in some way. People just create these units, these family units around them. So community for me is your urban family.

Sue Bryce | You know, it's your friendships. And but mostly I feel like in community, it's how you feel like you fit into your community. Yeah. And so what is the self value in your community? So I think the real big question I have a question for you first is you know, the first identity I feel like you get is your childhood identity.

Sue Bryce | Right? You get mom and dad's identity. Then as a do you start, like, breaking away and trying to find your own And the more you rebel against your parents identity, I feel like the more you look for your own identity, whatever reason maybe you don't like your parents identity or you just want your own or you just whatever friction. I guess there's so many variables there. So I feel like the next big identity you find it's it's in your twenties.

Sue Bryce | You kinda start to become an adult. Maybe you're in college or leave college or don't go to college and you're just trying to make it. Maybe you're parent already in your young twenties. But that next identity, that young adult is a big one, but not as big as I would think having children, because having children is more than just like the family in front of you now, like, you're in a community, you're at school, You're in a school community. So community really is how do you fit in and and do you feel valuable in this community?

Sue Bryce | And if not, why not? Right. And if you're not seen or respected or loved or, you know, really cared for, or you haven't built sort of secondary bonding relationships that you want to infringeops. This is definitely an area to work on. So my question is, What identity do you think shifted when you had kids?

Sue Bryce | Because you don't hang out and people I hang out I mean, I've got friends with kids, but not in a community sense. I don't go to schools. I don't go to I don't have this sport, you know, a little league or anything that connects me to a community. So that must have been a big shift. Right?

Nikki Closser | It was. And when so I had my kids I know you know this, but at 3941. So I had kids later in life, and the majority of my friends were having kids in their twenties, where I was just in in no way shape or form wanting to have children when I was in my twenties. So I was like, traveling and dating, and I was in long term relationships, you know, trying to figure out, this is sound so cliche, like, who I was, I remember reading a book called Quarter Life Crisis. Like, I'm watching all of my friends get married and have kids, and I didn't have that identity.

Nikki Closser | And I didn't know, like, my purpose. It was just such a strange feeling. And then once I did become a mom, it was like, I don't I don't necessarily think that I'm a different person in any way, shape, or form other than the fact that I have these amazing you know, little humans to love and teach and, you know, my life is, of course, changed, but who I am as a person doesn't really feel like I just don't feel that different. But when it

Sue Bryce | comes to so much an identity, then it's like a maybe your community identity shifting.

Nikki Closser | Yes. That is exactly right because, like you said, I meet my kid's friends' parents. I connect with parent other other women about issues that we have with our kids. It gives you another, like, layer of things to talk about and to connect about because, you know, when you get older, if meeting people and having common interests gets kind of trickier, I guess.

Sue Bryce | So that's an identity then. The way you believe people's, the way you believe people, judge you or even just sort of see you raise your children. Mhmm. Like, I feel like that becomes its own identity. For me, it was, creating a business.

Sue Bryce | So in the community, I'm now a business owner. And in a community, especially a small town. I grew up in a small town. So the town that I grew up in had three thousand people in it, and it was connected to a big rural town, a rural town that was very spread out that had 280,000 people. So people think that's really big, but it's not.

Sue Bryce | And I love this Dave Chappell quote, in a small town, everybody's famous. Yeah. And it's so true. You grow up in

Nikki Closser | a stretch now.

Sue Bryce | Like, I wouldn't know what it's like to grow up in New York. I still look at New York and think, how would people grow up here? There's no grass to run around them. And it's just as a kiwi kit, but in my community, when it was time for me to become a business owner, I was not in my community in that way. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I did not feel like I belonged in my community that way. So finding the confidence to me in business really put me into the community that way. And I feel like when you become a parent, you're in a different community also And that also opens doors for being rejected. Your children are being rejected. How you bring up your children is a reflection of you.

Sue Bryce | So whatever your child does, if it's good or bad, is a reflection of you. And so you're going through that that identity as well. So to me community has the biggest mirror to us, I think, but it's also not necessarily the people that know us The best.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. It it's interesting because if you see a parent who is out and about and their child is doing something I mean, I think we've all done it. Well, okay. I'm much more compassionate and understand more now that I am a parent. And I'm not saying that people without kids can't be compassionate to understand I know you very much do.

Nikki Closser | But when something happens with a child and you're kinda like, why isn't that parent doing something about this? You know, like, you're right. It does kind of everything that happens with our children reflects on on us. It's a really interesting thing to

Sue Bryce | see. And it's just so crazy. I I'm gonna just say it because it's the truth. And I I mean, I used to teach a karate class. So I would teach 40 children And then after my kids class would finish, they would bow and leave, and then the adults would come in.

Sue Bryce | Right? And then I would teach a black belt class. So was like a 4 hour evening, and I did this twice a week. Mhmm. As a teacher of children for the first time in my life, I've never taught children.

Sue Bryce | I teach adult education, but I taught children. And I had this realization There are just some kids that you fall in love with straight away. Mhmm. They're just cute, adorable, likable kids. There's something about them.

Sue Bryce | I don't know what it is, and it I became very aware that there were also children in the group that I did not want to at all. Mhmm. And so I was hyperconscious of, like, being too nice to the good ones and not being nice to the ones I didn't like. Yeah. So I was like, oh, you have to be really on top of that as a teacher because they can feel it.

Sue Bryce | I'm sure. And I was always liked by my teachers. But my big sister had this one teacher that just verbally abused her in a way that was just so horrible They just hated each other, and my sister had this really tough time at school this 1 year. So here's these likable kids. And I'm like, what makes these kids so likable?

Sue Bryce | And what makes life so much easier for these little ones? Because these little ones, they're not bad people. They're just little kids.

Nikki Closser | I know.

Sue Bryce | They not meet the parents. I don't have any more to say. It it's it was exactly the same thing they would often let their kids come in and not come to class. You know, it's a long class. They don't wanna sit there and watch.

Sue Bryce | So often I'd meet the parents afterwards, and I'd talk to the parents, and I just instantly would bond with these easy, relaxed, comfortable, confident parents.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And they were the ones attached to these likable kids. And then these little kids that were just like little like friction causes and and drama were just walking sort of representations of mom and dad. And I really saw it then. I was like, I don't know that I could be a primary school teacher and be really fear to all of those kids. And yet all of those kids are worthy of love and respect and being taught this, but maybe they're just being taught things by their parents that are just a reflection of them, and that's who they are.

Sue Bryce | And that's their first idea So, yeah,

Nikki Closser | I can definitely repeat this thing. That's important to say that because, you know, someone like your mom who grew up in a an abusive with her, where her mother was abusive, she was able to be resilient as an adult and kind of overcome those things. So it's You're right. It's our first identity.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. But, also, my mom's remember, my mom was born in, like, 47. So Like, there wasn't a lot of opportunity for her to stretch into her identity as a teenager. She was working as a midwife in a birthing unit by the time she was sixteen years old. So it was like, you know, they didn't have the same kind of era where they could, you know, become you know, she my mom's a feminist.

Sue Bryce | Like, she Yeah. She's so progressive and and she was very liberal. And, like, she had lots of cool ideas. So I really, you know, admire that about her, but she just didn't have the opportunity to become that. So I guess now what I feel with people is a lot of people, if they're struggling in their primary relationship, then remember secondary bonding is your community.

Sue Bryce | Secondary bonding is tribal because we know that if anything happens to that primary love relationship, if we cast out or rejected, we have more chance of surviving in this tribe with secondary bonding. And Having friendships is important. One of the areas of emotional mastery is relationship management, and a lot of people struggle to make friends as adults. Now, you and I are very lucky in the sense that for whatever we got that was maybe not good and bad, from mom and dad. What we got was the ability to make friends.

Sue Bryce | Yes. And it's not as hard as you think for those that struggle with it because those who are struggling with it are just putting too much of them self on the plate as they serve it up and then spending too much time worrying about how they are being received instead of just enjoying other people present moment and just connecting deeper in a present moment. So if we just wanna talk about making friends for a while, my best friend in the whole world since she she was fourteen years old today. I mean, I'm older than her, is, somebody who said to me when I left New Zealand to have an international career, I have to make friends because you are she has lots of work friends, but I'm her outside friend, you know, And she's like, I have to make friends. And I said, yes.

Sue Bryce | Yes. You do. She said, how do I do that? And I jokingly said, You remember Stuart Liddle? Stuart Liddle, the little mouse, that movie, he would go.

Sue Bryce | Wanna be friends? And I said, Ruby, you just need to show both sets of teeth.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I love that.

Sue Bryce | Go sit to teeth and say, do you wanna be friends? And she goes like this? Do you wanna move friends? So I was like, no. Anyway, the funny part is is for the 1st few years, she just really knuckled down with her babies and her career and her MBA and her runs an entire psych Patrick unit and, like, does all that, but it wasn't until her children started to go to school that she started to make friends Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Or parents that were friends with her kids. And now she's got this amazing group of friends and girlfriends, and they're all married and her husband likes all their husbands and they drink wine together and they have fun and they go on adventures. And now I get to go home and meet my best friends new friends just like she came here when I got married and met all of you that I built this friendship over here. So Building these friendships and adulthood is hard, but you really, really you almost have to just put it out there to ask people, hey, I'd love to catch up for coffee or I would love to, you know, go for a walk sometime or if you ever you know, it's so easy to ask and and then start to connect in a really genuine way with people around you because I don't ever want anybody to buy into this complete lie that you tell yourself when you feel lonely and alone that you've got nobody and that you're disconnected because people are everywhere.

Nikki Closser | It it really is sometimes simp as simple as asking. Like, one of my best friends as an adult we joke that we had to, like, ask each other on a date. Yeah. I mean, it was one of those things. And I I think about, like, when people do struggle with this, you know, how in the power talk a lot about, like, daily rituals or whatever.

Nikki Closser | I'm trying to think of what what a good daily ritual would be to someone who struggles with this to kind of be open to the idea of asking for friendship. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And I think what happens is when you do ask you had it's much like a date and an any date. Like, if somebody was asking you for a romantic date, you have to ask from a place of confidence.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But you have to ask from a place of, hey, if you'd like to grab coffee sometime, you know, take my number. Like, almost like, give it in a confident way. Yeah. But it's just not Can you wanna hang out with me or be needy in any way. And Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And I think sometimes when we really need to meet people, that's when we film. So I've always had this this sort of I've always had this thing where if I go into a room full of people, I fill myself with self love first because it doesn't matter if you don't like me. I'm not trying to get you to like me. I'm I like me, and I like meeting new people. So I love meeting people, and I ask questions.

Sue Bryce | I ask a lot of questions. And I don't expect one question sent my way. In fact, most of the time, because I'm such a good question asker and I listen to the response, people will talk for a long time and realize they never asked me a single thing, and that's fine because the second time they see me I know I know 2 things are gonna happen. Number 1, they're going to remember me instantly. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And be like, so Okay? Then, they're going to remember that I made them feel important.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So I'll do that 2 or 3 times in a new group before before a single question is directed toward me. And it's okay. I'm new in this group. I'm here to let you know that I'm somebody that wants to know you can hold space I don't need to make this about me.

Sue Bryce | I still leave those events and say to my husband, nobody asked me a single question, but that is fine because you watch this. Now I've bonded with this person, this person, and this person, and I do it in a way that's just like I don't need to make this about me. I don't need to put myself in the way in my own head, and yet I still say it to him because I watch it play out. Sometimes people don't wanna bond with you. They're just in a group, I came into a group of wives.

Sue Bryce | They were not that friendly. Like, there was I'm still up

Nikki Closser | in there.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. They're watching right now. They know they weren't friendly she was because, you know, they just didn't, you just didn't let a new person come in and get into the tightest part of the group. And I was patient. I was loving.

Sue Bryce | I was confident in myself. I just keep showing up to this group in love. In love with me, in love with my life, in love with this man that they all love, and they could see that. And then I just keep asking questions, and I keep being confident in the room. And inevitably, they start asking me questions, and then we bond.

Sue Bryce | And now I have all of their wives and my best friends. And I'm in that tight group, and I've watched people try and come into this group and and struggle to bond, and they've really just come in going nobody's being that friendly towards me and people just aren't that friendly. They're not, especially, you know, sometimes women do it to women too. It's here. Well, in that way, if they feel threatened by you or, you know, if you're being too friendly or, you know, their partners look at checking you out, they can cut catch you off really, really fast.

Sue Bryce | It's just holding your space is the biggest thing. You make friends so easily. Okay. I gotta tell people this. And I've told my other audiences, but this is one of my favorite facts about you.

Sue Bryce | You were my brides me. Mhmm. And thirteen is my lucky number. 13 was the amount of time she'd been abroad.

Nikki Closser | This is true.

Sue Bryce | And I loved that because my dad was a best man five times in a groom men, eight times. My husband has been a best man 6 times Yeah. And groomsmen eight times. So to me, it was like, I know people that love people. And you love people and you make friends easily.

Sue Bryce | So as my bridesmaid, a bridesmaid, and a bridesmaid thirteen times, I feel like this was something that you definitely could say as your superpower because it it also translates I watched you build a business.

Nikki Closser | Exactly.

Sue Bryce | You are one of the quickest people I've ever seen take to networking.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And that's why. Cause you make prints easily.

Nikki Closser | Like, listening to you talk about just the asking questions and just to be a space for people to listen, I can think back to just my childhood. This is how I've always been. I've always operated in that way. I am the first person to give a a compliment, a genuine compliment to a stranger. I've had friends say like, I wish I could do that, you know, just give compliments.

Nikki Closser | And I'm like, you can.

Sue Bryce | Oh, non physical compliments come back to that when you're finished. AMP.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. They're giving giving compliments, listening, asking questions is just the way that I've operated.

Nikki Closser | And, during the times when I'm at a social event, and maybe someone is asking a lot of questions to me and I'm responding and I'm talking a lot, I go home feeling like, oh, did I talk too much? Was I annoying? Was I, like, when I shift into me talking about me, I start to feel like I overdid it. They're gonna think I only talk about myself. It's really strange thing.

Sue Bryce | But when you hold space for someone to talk about themselves, so when you're really interested in them, they are genuinely talking about themselves, but not feel like they're overtalking. You're very relaxed in a room. Remember this, one of the most attractive qualities about you is that I don't need to babysit you in a room. And

Nikki Closser | Yeah. This is a

Sue Bryce | big one because if you wanna get into a community place where you're feeling really strong, understand that when if I took you to a party and you're hanging on to my elbow in 15 minutes, I'm gonna kick you off. Like, are we, like, swapped? Because I need to be with people. My friends can hold a conversation in a room, and I've got a lot of introverted friends. I am an introvert.

Sue Bryce | I prefer a one on one conversation. And to me, it's really just the fact that I I don't believe anybody can't be in the room. I believe some people interact more sort of introverted and more and more extroverted, but that doesn't stop you from holding your own in the room because I can still hold my own in the room as an introvert.

Nikki Closser | Absolutely. You can.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. I just don't get energized from being in this crowd. So that just makes me an introvert. That's all it is. People think it's like social anxiety saying you're an introvert.

Sue Bryce | It's not true. Well, there is a lot of social anxiety when you are an introvert, but that's not the problem. Right? So to me, I need you to be able to hold your own, and you can hold your own. I don't even I'd never have to worry about you.

Sue Bryce | I'd take you to an event. And I'd look around, and my friends would come up to me and go, I met Nikki. She's amazing. I love her, and I'd be like, I didn't even introduce you. So that, to me, if that's your superpower, speak to that because networking is exactly the same thing.

Sue Bryce | Speak how you feel when you feel like that to people who don't feel like that?

Nikki Closser | It's interesting because I think people are worried about If I try to talk to this person, if I ask this person a question, they're worried what they're gonna say in return or what's gonna happen. It's like, What is someone gonna say? How dare you ask me a question? What you wanna know about me? Like, I mean, people, you know, people love to talk about themselves.

Nikki Closser | They really just remember that.

Sue Bryce | Yeah.

Nikki Closser | It makes it so much easier.

Sue Bryce | Speaking of that, okay, non physical compliment, we'll come back to that, but speaking of that, People do wanna talk about themselves. Absolutely. They do, and they feel very good talking about themselves, and it gives you a feeling of importance. To talk about yourself. Yes.

Sue Bryce | But here's the thing that blows me away. What bonds me the most to people and the quickest to people is they always when I see them the second time, I will ask a question based on something they told me. And that can be something as simple as how did that move go? Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | And they're like, you remembered

Sue Bryce | Yes. That's exactly what people say to me, or how did how's your dad? Yep. Last time we met, your dad was in hospital. You know, I I remember something because I truly listened to them.

Sue Bryce | I didn't listen to talk. And I think when you're listening to talk, you don't Listen. If you're already planning what you're gonna say, you can see people when you're talking to them already ticking over in their head. Yes. What they could be saying next instead of just being in this conversation and being really relaxed.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And like, no pressure because you don't wanna hit people with questions either. Like, where are you from? What do you do? Hen it?

Sue Bryce | You know, it looks like, what is Spanish inquisition? But so I feel like the way you can be calm in this moment is to just hold a quiet confidence in yourself. It doesn't matter if they don't like me, You know, it doesn't matter if they don't like me. You're not here to make people like you. What matters more is if you like them.

Sue Bryce | Why don't you instead ask them questions and see if you like them? Like, for that space, like, are they good enough to be your friend and in this space that they're in right now. Maybe they're not in a great space and you see something you don't like, you can still elevate the conversation by holding confidence in a room and being more likable. So being more likable okay. Non physical compliment.

Sue Bryce | I've got a I've gotta do it. You are a great giver of compliments, and I always say if you're going to give someone a compliment, look them in the eye.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | If you can't look somebody in the eye, never give somebody a compliment when they've given you a compliment. The answer to your hair is fabulous, Nikki, is like your hair as well is not the right answer. The right answer is thank you.

Nikki Closser | Thank you.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Another way is if somebody is very good at compliments and they make you feel good and you struggle to say thank you, which I did for many years. One of the best things you can do is say, instead of saying thank you or you can say thank you, you're so kind because you you throw it back onto them for giving you a compliment, but you don't give a compliment, right? You don't go, I like your bag, It's like, I like your hair. I like your bag.

Sue Bryce | We weren't trading like a thing.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | So to me, it's more of, like, a non physical compliment is the best compliment you can give.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So if you said to me, your hair looks fabulous and I go, thank you. Nikki, you always say something that makes me feel really good. That's a non physical compliment because I said something about your behavior Mhmm. And your persona and yourself. And it doesn't matter.

Sue Bryce | I watched your body language shift when I said it. Because as soon as I said it, your mouth and your face went into an expression of pride. Yeah. Because I just said something back to you that was a compliment. Now if you break it down, your hair looks great is a compliment.

Sue Bryce | But it's not a great compliment when there's a lot of women in the room because if anybody, because of how women work and how women work, when you compliment one woman, the other woman are like, I don't have that.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. My hair must look bad if you're only telling her that her hair good.

Sue Bryce | So to me, I'm like, okay. But is that a compliment really when and yet it's okay. Like, I would speak to you to say something like that to me if my hair looks good because you also know when my hair looks bad and when I and how much I love my hair. So that's a different compliment. I probably Well, I would I would actually compliment somebody's here, but and I do compliment people's physical appearance, but as often as I can and as quickly as I can.

Sue Bryce | I compliment people's non physical. Self. The non physical self is the most powerful compliment you can give people. So That would be a daily ritual. If you wanna make friends is really filling yourself up with self love before you go into any event, any room, any space, holding that space and self love for yourself.

Sue Bryce | Like, I feel valuable here. Remember, you don't have to be the smartest person in the room because you can be the most emotionally evolved. You don't have to be the drama in the room because there'll be so much drama in that room because there's always drama in that room. Somebody out there being dramatic and needy, and you can avoid the drama and never buy into it.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But just walk into that room filled with love. I am no less than the trees and the stars. I belong to be here, and Just what can I give instead of what can I take?

Nikki Closser | It's it's magical. You know how that that's how I grew my business. Was through networking and building relationships in this way. Trent was my number 1.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Marketing.

Nikki Closser | Experience that that made me grow was absolutely that.

Sue Bryce | You know, it's something different about being at a marketing networking event than being, okay, if you said to me, I have to go to a school event and meet all the parents, like, this is my new community. I would been nervous as anything, but if you said you have to go into this networking event as a business owner, I'm confident in business now. Like, I have been for a good 15 years. So Yeah. For me now, I used to just be in horror walking into networking vets like horror.

Sue Bryce | Any stories of how I've left so many events, and I couldn't get any opportunities or any bookings. But now I feel like if I was going into a business event, I can put my business, like, suit on.

Nikki Closser | Absolutely. Same. It's it's different.

Sue Bryce | Yes. And I feel like I can kinda connect more like a handshake confident. Hi. I'm surprised. Like, I feel like my confidence there is so different because of the years of practice.

Sue Bryce | So if we think about this, Like, just think about no different than having no confidence walking into a community event and then learning that if I like, learn that I am the confidence. I'm the power. I know who I am. I'm comfortable. You know, I'm I'm transmitting not receiving.

Sue Bryce | I'm not looking for validation. I'm giving my attention and my time and kindness and reading social cues, basic social queues Mhmm. Of when people are done talking to you and when's a good time to connect. And Yes. But tomorrow importantly, You can say something in these moments that sound, and I you could say sales y if you're at a networking event, But if you're at a community event, don't be sales y in the needy way.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You know, like, when you throw out that confidence to, like, it would be we should catch up for coffee or I'd love to catch up for coffee or something like that. You know, it's more of just a an offer of value as opposed to asking and being rejected because you also have to remember, don't throw out that offer. Just walk up to someone cold. Have a conversation with them first. If somebody just walked up to me and said, you know, and people do, they walk up to me completely strangers and be like, hey, And you can tell their practices.

Sue Bryce | I'd really like to take you for coffee and pick your brain. And I'd be like, oh Pick

Nikki Closser | your brain. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. That sounds awfully like a mentoring session or a yeah.

Nikki Closser | Hi. It's just like an equal exchange. Like, when you go out with a friend, We're having an equal exchange of fund together of conversation. You know, if I hire you for services, I'm paying you for something that you're doing for me or vice versa. But when when you go up to someone and say I wanna pick your brain, this is not an even given exchange.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Not a friendship. And also, you know, that's more of a networking moment, but you've gotta be ready for all of that. You've gotta be ready that if you pitch that too early to someone to meet them for coffee and they don't kind of like you yet or know you yet or haven't quite folded you in yet, they might be like, Oh, yeah. Awkward. And it's gonna make you feel really really awkward.

Sue Bryce | I do have to tell you when I first sort of I was about late 20s, maybe 27, 28. I went to a hair salon, and the woman who owned the salon was 29. Like, this salon was one of the biggest salons in my

Nikki Closser | Wow.

Sue Bryce | In in my city, and she was young. And, like, she's way up there now. Like, she's, you know, a superstar. But, she invited me out for drinks, and I was an employee. I earned $400 a week I did not have nice clothes.

Sue Bryce | I was, you know, I was a working photographer. I went to work in black tights and a top, which I rolled around the floor. I know I didn't have my clothes. I didn't have I didn't go out with them. She invited me out, with their friends I didn't feel good enough to go out with them because they knew that they also had money.

Sue Bryce | They they were clearly buying bottles of champagne that I could not afford. But it wasn't that I couldn't afford it. I didn't think I was good enough to accept that invitation. Mhmm. She invited me out three times in 1 year And I never showed up to one of them because I didn't feel good enough to go out with this group.

Sue Bryce | And the 4th time I saw her, she never invited me out again. And I was like,

Nikki Closser | oh, I

Sue Bryce | didn't like that. Opportunity to be friends with this amazing woman. Mhmm. She offered me her friendship three times. And to her, she might have thought, I've tried that girl never wants to hang out with me.

Sue Bryce | And it was all my own thing and and the way of being invited into this power group, and they were a power group. Like, I wasn't worthy of being, in that group, but I was because within 2 years, I I was I had the income to go into that group. I had the business to go into that group, and I didn't take that opportunity because I didn't think I was good enough. So if you're really walking into any room thinking nobody likes me. Nobody thinks that I'm good enough.

Sue Bryce | It's you that doesn't think you're good enough. And you're spending too much time in self doubt. And self doubt is a self doubt only worries about me, me, me, and if you walk into a networking event, a community event, a school event, a friendship date, and it's all me me centric, you are not gonna make friends with anybody. Right? So when you feel like there's too much me or when you feel like there's self doubt, that means me's got too much me has got back into this equation.

Nikki Closser | Sue, do you think all of this kinda relates to family as well? Like, if you're the one at the kitchen table that just dominates the and doesn't ask anybody else how it's going. And I feel like it it can be the same with family as well.

Sue Bryce | Well, the same dynamics. Yes. Definitely. You know, okay. I love the sibling, you know, that siblings grow up really, really different, especially if there's like 5 or 10 years, between a sibling, like Totally.

Sue Bryce | Unsibling grow up with parents with with no money. This sibling grow up with money, but if you had a parent that never let you, like, express, your anger, or speak, you would believe nobody lets you speak. You would believe you are muzzled. You would believe your voice was not important you would believe that. Right?

Sue Bryce | So then you go into the filter of your past. And if you see rejection or you see someone not give you time or they cut you off, and your instant filter is everybody cuts me off. My voice is not valuable. I should shut up. I shouldn't talk.

Sue Bryce | That's you. That's your filter of your past, filtering that reaction, and then deciding what their action is in your head. And again, you're back to you again. You're back to thinking about yourself in this moment, and you are not here to be You're here to be in the community. You're here for everybody else.

Sue Bryce | So we call this the giving and receiving of love. We believe If we re if people give us love, we we receive it. You're not receiving love? No. You're not giving love.

Sue Bryce | It's that simple. You have to give it in order to receive it. So if you fill yourself up with love and then you walk into any room with love, you are giving love and you don't need to receive it from anybody because you have enough for the entire planet just here coming out of you. So to me, it's like, that's the difference between walking into the room receiving energy and walking into the room transmitting energy. And when you transmit and it's confident and you're filled with love, and there's no need, people can feel it.

Sue Bryce | They can feel it. They can see it. It's palpable. And you are attractive across the room because I went from being too much for people too much. I was never not enough in a room.

Sue Bryce | Remember, I said that on stage at the power talks. I was too much. Okay? I had to harness this. I had to bring this back down.

Sue Bryce | I was just like, I was that big energy coming into the room too much too much. Other people are not enough, not enough, but it's still about me. Either way, whatever you are, it was still about me finding my identity in this room and seeing evidence that I was good enough liked, you know. Series weighing in. And it was just me.

Sue Bryce | It was me the whole time. It's always you. So filling yourself in that space of love where it's like, I don't need validation in this room. I need to be able to walk into this room in a full state of confidence. I went from being too much for people People come up to me now.

Sue Bryce | They come up to me and they go, who are you? Now why would they say that to me? I'm like, hi. I'm Sue. I'm I'm surprised.

Sue Bryce | I've introduced myself, but they specifically say, like, who are you? And I was like, is it because I'm standing confidently? Cause it's not anything else. I'm just standing in my power. I'm standing in the room in my power.

Sue Bryce | Do you know how you stand in your power? Stand in alignment. That's what it is. I'm in alignment. I'm in alignment with my goals.

Sue Bryce | I'm in alignment with my husband. Most of the time. I'm in alignment with my team, with the people I work with. I'm in alignment with my friends, and I'm in alignment with my with my work, with with what I do with my purpose.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I'm in alignment with my money. I'm in alignment with my body. Although that is something that I work on daily because my body and my health and everything is a big thing is my thing right now. So don't want you to look at me and go, oh, she's just in perfect alignment. I'm not.

Sue Bryce | There's still an area. I need to work more on my family relationships. I want my sibling bonds I've lost I've lost the bonds with my brothers, and I got 10 years of living away. I've got the bond back with my big sister. And all of my nieces and nephews, but I need my brothers back.

Sue Bryce | So I'm working on family right now. I'm working on money direction. And I am working on my body, and that's really the biggest area that I am working on. So I'm in alignment. And when I walk into that room, that alignment is I'm in love with my future.

Sue Bryce | I'm in love with myself. I'm in love with my husband. I'm in love with my house. I'm in love with my work. I'm in love with my team.

Sue Bryce | And how can I not give I'm just like somebody that's so in love with everything, and it's just alignment? That's alignment. I just don't have anything that's holding me back or down or through that filter of my past, but, yes, I'm still working on more alignment. Dieter can is deeper, meaning, deeper purpose, and those other three areas.

Nikki Closser | It's daily. Date like you always say, it's daily rituals. It it truly is. And and we know how to get back into alignment, whereas I didn't know how before. And and now I do.

Nikki Closser | So when I do feel out of alignment, I know how to get back in.

Sue Bryce | You've gotta clear the emotional space. Right? That's it. Clear the emotional space. So now as we come into the next these next segments, we're gonna talk about work, career education, work business side hustle.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. It doesn't matter. What you want in your future, or you can be, you know, a completely kept supported human being male or female. I don't matter to me what path you wanna work, walk in terms of income, but you know what, Nikki? There's something about teaching self value maybe because the first self value vertical grew when I was teaching business, but there's something about teaching self value in monetizing people because, you know, I like to monetize people.

Nikki Closser | Uh-huh.

Sue Bryce | Now, monetizing is power. Monetizing is freedom. Sorry, monetizing his power, getting the money as freedom, living with the money as freedom, managing money, and learning how to empower yourself around money because, you know, you give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. You teach a man a fish. And he'll eat for a lifetime.

Sue Bryce | Manitizing people is the single one thing that I've done in my platforms that I watch change people's lives. Like, growing out of your money pain into a flow of money where you can actually keep money and get into alignment with that, whatever that future is for you. This is the segment in the power talks. Where I did not hear anybody breathe for the entire time I talk about money because money is something that's so intrinsically tied to our self value. So I want you to start now looking about what alignment would look like in all of the areas that we've talked about in our deep dives.

Sue Bryce | And you're specifically going into the next ones because we talk about boundaries processing, daily ritual alignment, getting into alignment. For me, it's alignment in every area. Of our lives, making sure that we're doing what we want, how we want in that area. And then every day, you do chicken with yourself to see where your emotional road bumps are.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Because your thoughts, response, my feelings, once my feelings are responding, it's gonna tell you exactly what you're stuck on. And all we're doing now is getting up every day and getting to emotional mask And if if what's stopping you from get getting to emotional mastery is you're not feeling love from the community. Not feeling respect from your community, then you have to take that love and respect that you're not getting, and you have to give that to yourself first. Mhmm. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So I keep seeing it in the community where people are writing I'm not being respected. It's me not respecting myself. I'm not feeling love. It's me not loving myself. I'm not feeling sane.

Sue Bryce | It's me. Not putting myself forward. We're all starting to see the mirror. It's hard because the mirror is harsh to see. But it's really just getting you into alignment in all of these areas.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, wake up and think of your community. You can think of all your areas, but you can work on one like Once I feel good in my community and I feel really good in my money and I feel good in my relationship, I don't actively work on those things every day because they're just filled with love. Like, I don't have to, like, dissect anything. I'm only dissecting the feelings I'm waking up in. And I'm not analyzing them.

Sue Bryce | I'm just listening to the thought around the response and wondering how long I'm gonna stay here because it's a waste of my time.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And I could stay in a Facebook drama back then for 3 days. Why elevating other people's anger, my anger, my stress, for what? It it's just we buy into the drama and the energy, and you don't have to. You can completely just wake up in alignment and just have a look at your emotional self, think of those thoughts, clear them. And then every single day, if your intention is, fill myself with love so I can make more friends who are like me because like as a likeness, attract more like minded people, Somebody said this to me once.

Sue Bryce | She said, would you like to get coffee sometime after we'd had, it was actually a client. So I would have been probably thirties, early thirties, she was too. Really cool check after the consultation to book her shoot She was leaving, and she turned around. And she said, would you like to get coffee sometime? She said, you know, I realized I've been in a long term relationship for 10 years.

Sue Bryce | And I realized it's time I started to cultivate my female friendships again. That's what she said to me. And the way she said it and we'd had this great 20 minute talk. Instantly, I said I'd love to, and we became friends. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So just understand that, like, when you are filled up with confidence and love, you can make friends ten times easier because you're not making it about you when you walk into the room.

Nikki Closser | Awesome. Well, next time, we are covering work And like you said, ask questions in the community on the forum on the website. We're always here to answer and just do the best we can to get you the information you need. So,

Sue Bryce | yeah. Excellent. Awesome.

Nikki Closser | We'll see you next time.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 10 - Community ====
