==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 19 - Your Body ====

I drew this image when I was lying in bed in 2000. And I was so frustrated that everything around me was telling me to eat half a grapefruit and eat less when I was £235 in sick. My gallbladder had collapsed. Just go on a diet. Just go on a diet.

Just go on a diet. Just go on a diet. And it wasn't about food. It had nothing to do with food and everything to do with what I was holding on to in my body. Alright?

The most beautiful thing you can wear is a smile. Let let me give you Let me give you the Hallmark beauty talk. I I love this. The most beautiful thing you can wear is a smile. And it's true.

It will stop traffic. You can literally walk towards a man, smile at him, and he'll stop walking. When you laugh, You can heal anything. That's also true. Sometimes you feel disconnected you wanna put your head down, but as you open up, everything around you opens up, and that is also true.

You will find at times part of your body will jiggle. So dance and jiggle it. I've heard it all, and it didn't stop me from hating myself. Go to the mirror. Look in the mirror.

Say I love myself. I went to the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I did not love myself. I looked in the mirror and I said, I hate you.

And then suddenly I realized in that moment, I don't have to learn how to love myself. I need to stop hating myself. Just like I need to choose the pain I'm going towards, I need to stop hating myself. And yes, have a relationship with your body, moisturize your legs, look at yourself naked, stop living from the neck up, stop avoiding your body, and then pretending that it's changed, and it shocked you. Because that's what happens.

All of a sudden, you look in the mirror, no, no, no, you don't look in the mirror. All of a sudden, you see a photograph of your and you've put on £60 and you don't remember when that happened. It's your body. Every day, you're in your body. And you're not awake to your own body.

And yes, I'm a photographer, so I have heard it all. I hate my freckles. I hate my fat arms. I hate my back teeth. I hate my small chin.

Things we can't change. I hate this this, you know, color of my skin. I hate that my hair is I hate that I have curls. I have heard it all, and all I can say right now is our children are listening to this. And women are the worst at it.

They're the absolute worst at it. Now on any given moment, you are contrasting and comparing, but don't contrast and compare. Because there's always going to be someone that is prettier and younger and slimmer than you. And then I started to think about it. I started to like, I see women on a daily basis.

It's like, yes, we criticize ourselves and we're we're always criticizing ourselves, and then I thought to myself hang on. Don't compare. You you're not always the slimmest. You're not always the youngest. I was like, there's something here.

Sometimes we're not pretty enough than enough, smart enough, none of these things will make you more lovable than you are now, by the way. Even if you were thinner, younger, slimmer, they don't make you more lovable. If you don't value yourself, you can be thin and young and slim and not value yourself. You're gonna get the same result. But you're asking the wrong question because the right question is what would I be getting if I was?

What do I think I would get if I was different? Have you ever thought about that? If I had the perfect body for me now, what would I think that would be different? What am I perceiving that is different? So obviously I put on a lot of weight.

I doubled my body weight, actually. And then I lost half my anyway. And the most interesting thing about it is this. You just don't hate your body until you want it to be different. So suddenly you'll find yourself in a situation where you want more attention, you want more love, you want more perceived attention, you want more validation, and you don't have the body that you would like.

And the truth is is we don't hate it until we don't have what we want. On a daily basis, we survive quite nicely. Our body changes all the time and We don't have a problem with it until we compare ourselves or until we're not getting our perceived needs met. Or until somebody else compares their body to us, and then we suddenly feel inferior, most of us operate quite net quite happily on a normal sized body on a normal body. But we're always asking for something us.

We're always asking for more love or more attention or more validation or feeling special. And in that moment, that's when we wanna be different. And that always amazes me. I was like, as I started to watch people transform their bodies, I was thought, you hate the perception of what you're not getting if you had the perfect body. It's a perception.

If I had a perfect body right now, I would be getting this that man would be interested in me, not her. I want it's only only when in that situation that we're suddenly not good enough. And then what happens, we feel something. It's either a rejection or a not good enough, or he's got more muscles than me, or he's torn or I feel weaker, we feel disempowered, and then we tell a story, and the story is remarkable because the story is suddenly about our body. Well, I've been thin and I've been fat and neither of them made me happy.

Okay. And if any of you have been thin and been bigger, being thin and being bigger, you'll realize that neither of them make you happy, but I will say one thing. The way I was treated in both those states is significantly different. And who is responsible for that, them or me? Because the state in which I dwell, if the state for me is disempowered and hateful, then I'm going to attract disempowered and hateful.

But if I feel empowered thin, then I'm going to empower myself and others, quite naturally in that state and I'm gonna feel like that's the most powerful state and that is not. That is the place I operated in my most power. So technically, there is 0 difference. If you put on £50, there's 0 difference as passing the £150 back on the way up to going past it on the way down, but trust me, going past it on the way down feels significantly different than going past it on the way up. Because on the way up, I'm failing and on the way down, I'm winning, and yet I'm the same weight.

It oh my god. We're so lost in it. We're so lost in the freaking number. And we're so lost in the pain that we don't want to feel, and we're so lost in what we're not getting and what we think we're getting and what we think we're being judged, and what we're protecting and what we're protecting about ourselves, you are not the size of your ass. That's just you're sitting on it.

I can't even see it when I'm talking to you. If if you're a nice person, I don't care what it looks like. And if you leave the room, and I happened to get a glance of it, how I feel about your butt is my problem. Not yours, and we need to stop with the back and forward and the kids listening and the pain that we put ourselves through. Did you know according to business week, Americans will spend $40,000,000,000 on diet products this year, 40,000,000,000 40,000,000,000, and it's not about food.

Your problem is not the food, and you will buy into an economy that will you that if you do this, you can eat less, and if you eat less, then you'll be happy and perfect, and you will not be happy and perfect, you'll be just the same, but thinner. Nothing will change. Nothing. If you are unlovable at £300, you will be unlovable at a 115, my friend. You will just have a little few more people lined up to not love you.

That's the best part It actually, your perception is more attention and more love. There's no love. Nothing changed. Changed yourself. Just the same with your business when you're trying to attract the right client.

Nothing changed. Nothing changed. Nothing changed. Change yourself. I lose a £100.

I get my very first boy rejection, after keeping a relationship away from for 8 years. I, become fall in love with someone, and he rejects me, and I go home, and write on a piece of paper a thousand times. It felt like a thousand times. It was probably more like 40. But it seemed like an eternity.

I've lost all this weight, and I'm no I've lost all this weight, and I'm no different. I've lost all this weight, and I'm no different. I've lost all this weight. I'm no different. Why was I writing that?

I don't know. It was the weirdest thing to me because I expected a different result. I actually expected something different and here's this cool thing. I ask women all the time, tell me what your body biography is. Your body biography, it is the craziest thing.

Every woman I've ever met no matter how thin she is can tell me what she weighed when she was fifteen, how much she weighed when she was 25, when she had that thing at university, when she around £7. Then she lost £8, put on 9, gained 12 for a sister's wedding. That was a terrible experience because it was a fuchsia, low car a own bridesmaid gown, and those photos last forever. Anyway, then I put on another £20 when I did this, I lost it when I had my kids, and then I did this diet, and then I lost it, and I did this and it's like, we've got this biography locked in our brains telling us when our bodies look like what and how much they wait and nobody gives a shit. Nobody gives a shit because everybody was more interested in who you are as a person, and yet you have logged it.

Like a surgeon. And for anybody not struggling with their weight, this might seem mildly using for anybody struggling with their weight, it's kind of humiliating because it's like, wow! Stop telling the story about your body. Stop telling the story about your childhood. Stop telling the story about your pain.

Stop telling the story about being a victim, stop telling the story about being bullied, stop telling stories, stop telling stories to yourself and others, reset your story, choose your story. Reset it, choose your story. My story changes today. My pain I choose my pain today. Stop telling the same story.

Choose your pain, choose your story.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 19 - Your Body ====
