==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 2 Coaching ====

[00:00:01] Sue Bryce |  Hi, everyone. Welcome to week 2 of our coaching. I'm very, very excited about this gorgeous studio audience today, fellow curators, no doubt that they can all go into the group and tell you that they're here in person, and you might know some of them, and they're gonna ask questions, and you guys are asking questions. I can see the chat, but I just want you to know when the chat goes real fast, I have to read and talk at the same time, and I know that that is a weird skill that I've developed broadcasting big because when I get instructors with me for the first time or I am filming instructors, they all come up here and they're ready to go, And everything goes live, and I'll look over, and they'll be like this. And I was like, you're reading the chat, right?

[00:00:50] Sue Bryce |  And they go, how do you do that? Like, keep talking and read that. I was like, I don't know. But when it goes really quickly, I don't get your questions, and then why Melissa is my chat host. So, shout out to Melissa June.

[00:01:04] Sue Bryce |  Melissa is our chat host. Melissa was my content producer for this. Because I love working with producers, and I'm gonna talk about producers a lot in the next few weeks, but a content producer specifically works on the content with you, And I don't need a lot of content, input what I need is a lot of management. Because creating the, content is not my problem. Managing the content that comes out of my brain is the problem.

[00:01:35] Sue Bryce |  But when you first studying, a content producer just guides you. They keep asking you the right questions. They keep you on track with your content. They keep you connected to your content, and that's really, really important. So if it's going fast and I miss your question, ask again, and you can even say, Melissa, ask her this, because she's gonna save those questions, and I think it's important.

[00:01:58] Sue Bryce |  Anybody in here knows that they have to put up their hand and ask for a microphone. So I gave you a whole lot of paths forward, and then I actually watched the video for week 2, and I realized the first hour I did nothing but confuse you. Sorry about that. I just watched it, and I was confused by it. And then I get to an hour and 8 minutes, and I start talking about mapping your timeline and your mastery and your money and your craft, And I was like, I should have just led with that, but let me explain what I was doing.

[00:02:33] Sue Bryce |  Every one of these paths forward have a journey for you to take that are intrinsically, intrinsically tied to the nouns and verbs that you assigned to yourself last week. You called yourself something, and now in order to build any of these tracks or make any of these products, you have to now start walking these paths. And the reason I even started to lay out the path first is because so many people when they grow or when they meet me they think that they are on a certain path, and they're wrong, they're just a little bit off. And the reason I've set this path now, chicken egg, chicken egg, is do you know where you're going to step next? And if you do know where you're going to step next, and it's aligned with the path you want to walk.

[00:03:26] Sue Bryce |  I am looking for alignment. I am looking for alignment in week 1 with the new identity you've chosen. What is this new identity that I'm going to struggle becoming, or maybe that I'm I'm just taking a bit of time finding the power in my voice describing it. What is this identity? I watched five people have massive breakthroughs this week, and those were the five people I spoke to face to face.

[00:03:58] Sue Bryce |  Five people. Tell me if anybody else out there in the chat had a breakthrough, did anybody else get a breakthrough around your identity? Why why is this identity so important, and why do I keep talking about it? Because This is what you're calling yourself. This is how you are choosing to identify who you are, and as you become this thing, it's like people are saying to me, can I do that?

[00:04:32] Sue Bryce |  Can I call myself this? And I am watching people have actual breakthrough revelations on their identity. Like, completely breakthrough. So I was talking to a friend who's got some, stress in their life, and we were talking about their stress, and their stress was making their body language, close-up, and cry, and fall in. And then we started to talk about action and moving through fear, and then we started to talk about really defining that 3 by 3.

[00:05:09] Sue Bryce |  And when they defined their 3 by 3, their energy shifted so significantly so significantly that it was like a different person. And I identified this and said, look at your energy right now. Look at what you are doing. Why are you? Why why did you shift all of your energy from being in this fearful, like, emotional, I can't break through space, we start talking about the 3 by 3, and their energy went like that, and then their heart shine forward came off the chair, energy lit up around the body, the aura lit up around the body, and we were just discussing the 3 by 3.

[00:05:54] Sue Bryce |  That's it. That's what we're doing. That's how powerful identity is. So in your speaker brand map and Like I said, if you're not going to be a speaker for stage, it doesn't matter, you still have to know what your products what your products are, and a speaker's product is content, but all the other products are products. So what is your name, noun verb, What is your content type?

[00:06:22] Sue Bryce |  What type is it? Is it business? Is it momentum? Is it support? What type?

[00:06:30] Sue Bryce |  Is it craft? Is it confidence? Is it self development? Is it money? Like, what is it that you're talking about?

[00:06:40] Sue Bryce |  Get clarity? What do you speak about? Is it specific? Is it sales? Is it networking?

[00:06:46] Sue Bryce |  Be specific then pick an industry industry? Who do you speak to? Get Clarity, pick an audience. Who is it for? Get clarity, write your 3 by 3.

[00:06:58] Sue Bryce |  This is so powerful. Because now I know who I am, and when I say it, I say it with so much power. Now guys, I heard a lot of people write a very generic 3 by 3. And I didn't want you to write a generic 3 by 3. I wanted you to discover something about yourself when you wrote that.

[00:07:26] Sue Bryce |  I want to do to find what's different about you, unique about you, and I wanted you to use every descriptive word at its full power. You know, I love watching people want to do something, feel fear and then realize that when they get clarity around where they're going and what they want and start walking towards it, I watch people lock on to that, and you need to understand the faster the clarity comes to you, the faster the truth comes to you, the faster you can speak it. As soon as you speak it and recognize it, you can't help but walk towards it. It is incredibly unique. I say your brand is your face value.

[00:08:15] Sue Bryce |  Because it's the first thing people see. It's your face value at face value. They see who you are, but the identity is who you are, and you can feel it. It's palpable in a brand. So is this new brand in alignment with you, what you do, and who you are because it's a personal brand.

[00:08:39] Sue Bryce |  The best thing about a personal brand is that it's created around our values, okay, and our values are what we believe is important. It's not a belief A belief is a truth that you've you've been taught something until you believe it's true. That's a belief. Alright? But a value is something we believe is important to us and our identity is defined by what we find important in our lives.

[00:09:08] Sue Bryce |  We are defined by what we prioritize. It's that simple. So when you have clarity about who you are as a business owner, what you do, what you offer, what you sell, what you share, and you speak that clarity, and it sounds like truth, it sounds like you believe it when you say it, it's then you're not an imposter. Are you? You are not an imposter you found your authentic path, and now you're speaking it out.

[00:09:40] Sue Bryce |  And it doesn't sound like imposter syndrome, it sounds like power and truth and it sounds exciting and exhilarating. That's why that's why I want you to find it. It's your truth Remember last week, we talked about authenticity scoring higher than any other emotion. It's when you speak the truth, and you believe it. So if you can write this 3 by 3 and believe it, and then know that when you say it, it's the truth.

[00:10:13] Sue Bryce |  It's the truth. Then you are free. That is why that is so, so powerful. Your brand assets, I need you to look at this in two different ways, because I teach a lot of photographers. I know there's a lot of photographers in my network.

[00:10:28] Sue Bryce |  Read the read the pad on the right. Okay. This is what all brands need, if you have anybody that you're coaching and they're a business, they need to tick every box on that list You need speaker or branding stills. You need good headshots. You need personal branding images.

[00:10:47] Sue Bryce |  You need some BTS of yourself speaking, filming, coaching, or teaching a workshop, whatever you're doing, you need BTS of you doing it. I would love you to get in the wild BTS, so that means teaching a workshop or at an event or on stage A speaker reel is 1 to 3 minutes of just you as a speaker that says you can book me for speaking events by emailing me my agent, and then I wrote my husband's email. And then I said, Babe, do you wanna be my agent? And he was like, yep. And now My agent is George Farinakis, but he is my agent anyway.

[00:11:23] Sue Bryce |  He's other people's agents, so he might as well represent me. And then, speaker real for 3 to 10 minutes, for when you apply to conferences or talks, which is actually going to give you, like, an actual insight into a presentation. Whereas the 1 to 3 minute speaker reel's gonna be like an ad bit. It's gonna be more like boom boom boom boom boom boom, like all of those really call event videos that I do because people love them, and they're engaging, and they've got lots of energy. And you're like, I wanna be her.

[00:11:55] Sue Bryce |  I want that. I wanna go to that event, that workshop. I wanna be that person. One of those people, I wanna have that experience. Yes.

[00:12:03] Sue Bryce |  Now now I want you to look at it like a photographer slash content curator slash videographer. If those are the products that people need, then every one of you right now should be making products for your clients with that list and saying, I can offer this. I just saw Jen Sweedine's name. You're gonna wanna call her Jen Sweden, but it's actually the opposite that I and the ears. Jen, Sweden.

[00:12:32] Sue Bryce |  Jen is Jen. Get shit done. Jen did all of our homework. For curator. She did all of our homework for curator, and it's so beautiful.

[00:12:41] Sue Bryce |  Thank you, Jen, because I, my homework did not look that good. Mine just looks like a very plain document until I give it to Jen, and she makes it look fantastic. Alright. So I want you to think about all of those assets These are brand assets, and they're vital. Why are they so vital?

[00:13:00] Sue Bryce |  And out of all the people in this room, does everybody there have all seven? Of themselves. Does anybody have 4? 3? Upended headshot?

[00:13:13] Sue Bryce |  1. You have 1. Okay. So if you go right now, Could you find I gotta could you find a speaker or a brand still of me? Yes.

[00:13:27] Sue Bryce |  A new headshot? Yes. Because Jason does mine, like, four times a year. New personal branding images, yes, BTS footage, yes, The girls were just shooting shooting BTS for me. Right now, the girls were just at the back, shooting BTS.

[00:13:42] Sue Bryce |  I'm even doing it right now as we speak. Event workshop on stage, I went from WPPI where they filmed and recorded me to Montana where I had somebody else film and record me, to doing a reel? Yes. Do I have a speaker reel? 1 to 3 minutes?

[00:13:57] Sue Bryce |  I'm getting a new one cut this month by Caitlin, and do I have a speaking clip? Yes. Could I apply for talks anywhere in the world right now? Yes. Do I have multiple speaking clips I can send?

[00:14:07] Sue Bryce |  Yes. Have I got my 5 top most powerful international talks with my title, my description, and everything ready to go that I could even email them and say, which of these five talks are you interested in, or would you like me to curate something specifically for your audience? I'm ready to go. I want you to be ready because you're competing against me. So look alike.

[00:14:40] Sue Bryce |  Okay. This is all what all brands need. Now, when you're a personal brand and you're a content curator, you are usually curating content for other business owners. And if you are, then those there are also which is very, very important, you know, very, very important. Now, your content path This was my content path, and it's a funny thing.

[00:15:15] Sue Bryce |  I did say this one thing, and I didn't I don't want people to think that you have to do it this way, but I did make a physical product first before I made a digital product. Then I started to coach promptly quit, then I coached a group promptly quit, and then I realized workshops were definitely my thing. I traveled and taught workshops for 6 years Now the most interesting thing about that is I guess I had to try everything. When you look at that flow, Are you doing the same? Is there one that you're specifically drawn to?

[00:15:56] Sue Bryce |  I want to make a product first, or I want a coach, or I want a group coach, or I want to teach a work shop or I wanna speak on stage, there are no rules, but it's important, I think, that you just sort of really have a look at which one is really calling you and which one is, makes you feel afraid because so many people tell me they want things But when they really break it down, fear is stopping them, or they say, I don't wanna do that. But then they go, would you do it if you weren't a afraid to do it, and then they go, yes. So you have to identify the difference between a calling, like, when you're being called to something, or when you are just, like, it's just fear stopping you and when you really know you should be doing something. So did everybody start mapping their timeline. That was one of the things in this homework that I thought was really, really, really in trading is mapping your timeline.

[00:16:59] Sue Bryce |  So regardless of what you're speaking about or teaching about, the two biggest questions I get asked, as I told you last week, was how long did that take? How long did that take? And what steps did you take to walk there? How long did it take you to get to that level of income? How long did it take you to get to that sales average?

[00:17:25] Sue Bryce |  How long did it take you to master that craft? How long does it take you to build that business? And once you start to really look at all of those things, that you'll realize what everybody is asking you. Over and over again, you get the same question. How long did they take and what steps did you take to get there?

[00:17:47] Sue Bryce |  So no differently than these maps, I create my education in bullet points and this is all the content next week is, us creating our bullet points. And it's us sitting down with subjects and digging into what we know and what the depth of our knowledge and experience is. But before you do that, you need to be able to tell me you need to be able to tell me what your timeline is, and you need to be able to map that timeline. If it's relevant to what you're speaking about. Now you see in the homework I've written big rules, no fluff, I want facts, I want multiple timelines, and you really could test me in this moment.

[00:18:33] Sue Bryce |  If you ask me just to do a timeline of my income, I have that as a single timeline in my brain right now. If you asked me to map a timeline of my business and my income together, I could parallel both of those timelines for you and tell you right now what they are. Mastery, craft, evolution, change, learning something new, you know, remember I started off with an analogue camera and then it changed to digital, that evolution alone took a certain, time, I have a story around that. So as somebody who stands on stage or coaches, or teaches workshops, or speaks, or as an instructor, or even somebody that's even communicating just, you know, to coaches, to other people, or just networking, standing up and speaking in a network, you really have to look at what it is that you've mastered did because when you're standing up in front of people, you have to decide what you're going to talk about. Now the fastest way to get seen as a photographer in a networking group is to stand up and tell everybody why they should be photographed.

[00:19:52] Sue Bryce |  Stand up and tell them why they should have incredible headshots why the personal branding is its own genre now, why it's different, why personal brand has significantly changed in the world. And if you stood up at a networking event with just the sole intention of booking half the people in the room, because you will, then you don't even have to be an instructor or you're actually just getting up and talking about your own business in such a powerful way that every single person at that networking event is like, number 1, this person can really speak, number 2, wow, I just learned something. Number 3, I really, truly, truly now want this person to be my photographer. Right? So don't get stuck on it always has to be educational content, or it always know when you stand up to speak to a roomful of people, you have to ask some really important questions.

[00:20:55] Sue Bryce |  Who are the people I'm talking to? What are they working on right now? Oh, this is networking? Okay. They're all self employed?

[00:21:03] Sue Bryce |  Okay. They're all in, like, the 1st 5 years of their business. Yep. Ask the questions so that you can go in there and slay in front of those people just as a speaker in the room So remember this, you get a short amount of time on that microphone, regardless of what the microphone or the platform is. Use it wisely.

[00:21:26] Sue Bryce |  But if you stand up there and prepare a presentation that is giving information, not selling Not trying to show up, not talking about yourself, but it because you are, you are selling, and you are showing off and you are talking about yourself. You're just doing it under the guise of educating everybody out there on this beautiful product. Trust me, you are going to leave that networking. Everyone will remember your name. Everyone will remember you as a photographer.

[00:21:59] Sue Bryce |  And everyone will wanna book with you up there. And so I just think to myself, that is the perfect place to start literally going to networking. And then when you get the opportunity to present your business for 15 minutes, present your business that way. Remember I teach marketing on the periphery. Okay?

[00:22:21] Sue Bryce |  Show don't tell. You don't need to sell, sell on the periphery. Okay? You don't need to go, this is what I do, and it costs money And this is what I do, and it's $3000. This is what I do, and you can book with me right now, and I'll even give you a discount.

[00:22:43] Sue Bryce |  This is what I do, and I do this for 3000, but today I'm doing it for 2000. And we're all just sitting there going, like, what? But you show me images of, like, this is what a brand looked like before I got my hands on it. This is why people do this. Look at the difference in their social media.

[00:23:05] Sue Bryce |  This is the branding I did for this dentist and look at the difference in their social media before and after. This is the testimonial of the last eight businesses that I photographed with personal branding because this is what it changes. Changes your confidence, your online engagement, your bookings, it changes your engagement, and you give them every reason why to do this, and you're educating them because you're giving information and it's interesting and it's valuable and you thought it was about you. This is a job, man. My job is to entertain you all and teach you all.

[00:23:49] Sue Bryce |  And when I don't do that, I fail at my job My product is my content. When you start a personal brand, you are the marketing You are the selling, you are the advertising, you are the public relations, you are the publicity, you are the social media, and you are the networking, and everything is coming out of your mouth, and everybody wants to be connected to you, and the only way you can do that is to stand in your full power and give to the people in the room. It's not about you. Yes. Soon as you can really harness that.

[00:24:27] Sue Bryce |  Now listen, for 14 years, guys, for 14 years I've been coaching start up businesses. Alright? And for 14 years, I've heard your objections. This won't work in my town. I can't even start with them.

[00:24:46] Sue Bryce |  What's a good one? I'm not even my client. That's a good run. This won't work at my town. But yeah, but I'm not surprised.

[00:24:54] Sue Bryce |  And you know, and even after other people proved it in small towns and other people did it, this won't work. It's the economy. It's not me. I realized the first reaction for all of us is fear, and we're gonna lie It's a lie. Those objections are all lies, and you know they're lies, they're not that truth.

[00:25:17] Sue Bryce |  But when you say them, they feel like the truth because you can't break through and you don't know how, and it feels like the truth, that feels like the truth. So I just want you to talk about this journey because journey, it's interesting. Today, we choose our journey, and what path we're going to walk and make our product. And if you get stuck in imposter syndrome where you just feel like I'm imposter syndrome, you are an imposter, it's okay. You haven't mastered it yet.

[00:25:48] Sue Bryce |  Okay? When you haven't mastered something yet, you get stuck in the comparison go to mastery. Go back to mastery because mastery counters imposter syndrome. And as soon as you go back to mastering your craft, you will instantly feel reconnected to it instead of comparing yourself to other people, especially when other people haven't mastered it yet, but they're still outselling it, and then you're looking at other people going, they're selling their crap, and it's not even good. That's your block, not theirs.

[00:26:26] Sue Bryce |  That's your block, not theirs, get busy. Focus on yourself, not on them. If you're in comparison, then that's where you get stuck. If you feel fear on this path forward, like a big, fair, big, hairy, fair monster, comes up. Remember, fear is in the back seat.

[00:26:48] Sue Bryce |  Fear does not leave the car, there is just whispering to keep you safe, you say, okay, you watch out, feel let somebody in the car, and that's self doubt. Self doubt does not stay in the car. Punch self doubt in the throat, alright, tell fear everything's okay, And if you feel fear, you have to return to your heart connection. It has to return to service. You have to give from here instead of being all up in your fair brain.

[00:27:21] Sue Bryce |  So we punch self doubt in the throat. Get out. Birth date's in is just the way it is. Then we address some of those lies. I can't do this because I can't do this because I can't do this because write them down, and at the top of your page, write lies, I'm telling myself right now.

[00:27:42] Sue Bryce |  Just say it. Just lies I am telling myself, I can't take the next step because and and it might be really, really tangible. Like, I can't take this next step because I don't have a babysitter. Like, that is real. Okay.

[00:28:00] Sue Bryce |  That is not like that's not mindset. I don't have support. Got it. That's how that's how true you want your lives to be you will make them so true, you'll make it difficult for me to smash them out of your hand. Still right, lies, I'm telling myself at the top, because trust me, you can change these lies and they will change.

[00:28:20] Sue Bryce |  You can manifest a babysitter. You can manifest it when you really want it just write down and acknowledge that they're just lies. Lies lies lies lies. If you feel self doubt, stop the car, okay, get out immediately, self doubt, out of the car. Now that needs to change the way you're speaking to yourself.

[00:28:41] Sue Bryce |  So if you hear self doubt and you start saying horrible things to yourself, you need to phone a friend, call somebody you love. Someone you truly love that can hold space for you, say I'm in self doubt, I'm in self hate, I'm telling myself a story, and I want to reconnect to my true path who I am. Can you hold space for me? Yes. Find that person to hold space for you.

[00:29:05] Sue Bryce |  Now I've heard all the objections. I've heard it all over and over for 14 years. I've heard every excuse. I've heard every lie, and I've heard every I can't because. But sometimes, sometimes you look back, and there are people that are just stuck.

[00:29:32] Sue Bryce |  And they're so stuck, and I say, like, in concrete, up to the armpits. And they just can't break through. And I talk to them about fear and I talk to them about ego, and I talk to them about comparison, and I talk to them about self doubt, and they can't break through. And they keep trying to do it, and they keep trying to do it, and they can't break through. And I know that somebody out there right now is listening going, that's me.

[00:30:05] Sue Bryce |  She's talking to me. I just cannot break through. I cannot get to the next step. I cannot get to the next step. I want you all to take a deep breath, very deep belly breath.

[00:30:19] Sue Bryce |  And I want you to take your sweet time to answer these two questions. But when you can't break through and you can't sell I need you to ask this. Why is my product not selling yet? Is it clear what your product does? Is it clear who it's for.

[00:30:47] Sue Bryce |  Is it clear what it is? Is it valuable? Is it desirable? Is it useful? And still, those are the first questions I ask, and still people can't break through.

[00:31:08] Sue Bryce |  And yet all of those questions are really important. Is it clear what it is? Is it clear what it does? Is it clear who it for? Is it valuable?

[00:31:16] Sue Bryce |  Is it desirable? Is it useful? Why is my product still not selling? Cause people will tell me, yes, it is good. Yes, it's a good product.

[00:31:25] Sue Bryce |  Yes. It's good. Yes. It's good. And they stand in front of me, and they tell me that, and they tell me that, and they tell me that.

[00:31:30] Sue Bryce |  And then I look at them and I go, Do you love it? And I don't mean love it. Do you love it? Yes. No.

[00:31:44] Sue Bryce |  Do you love it? And I told you to breathe and take your time answering it. Yes. I know you said yes. But let me ask you one more time.

[00:32:06] Sue Bryce |  Do you love it? Because if you're not selling it, you don't love it. And at the end of the day, is it valuable? Is it desirable? Is it useful?

[00:32:24] Sue Bryce |  It doesn't matter. You don't love it. And I don't want you just to love it. I want you to love it. And when I ask you if you love it, if you stand in front of me with certainty and conviction and you stand in front of me and you say, I love it.

[00:32:47] Sue Bryce |  I love it. I love it. Then I'm gonna say, then why aren't you selling it? And you're gonna go, and then you're gonna hit your money block, and then you're gonna hit your self value block, and then you're gonna start selling it, but the truth is is if you don't love it, you can't sell it. Can you sell yourself?

[00:33:18] Sue Bryce |  Oh, there's another conversation. Because if you can't sell it you don't love it. It doesn't matter what product you create. If you don't love it, you can't sell it. And guess what?

[00:33:35] Sue Bryce |  If you don't love it, it's not valuable. It's not desirable, and it's not useful. It's just not. It's nothing. It's nothing without your connection.

[00:33:45] Sue Bryce |  It's nothing without your heart and soul. It's nothing without your energy. It's nothing. So if you don't love it, change what you're doing until you love it because I know you don't love it, because when you love it, you can sell it, and it's that real. Give me some questions.

[00:34:05] Sue Bryce |  Go on. There seem

[00:34:07] Melissa - Chat Host |  to be a lot of questions about fear. And really, how do you break through that fear and and become more and more convicted?

[00:34:14] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Fear, what are you afraid of? What are we afraid of? Being rejected and failing? What is failing?

[00:34:20] Sue Bryce |  Failing is not failing. It's like I'm fail at being self employed, so you couldn't, what, sell your product, that would be failing. I couldn't sell the product. Well, if you didn't love the product, I'd say you failed at being a business. So you didn't fail to sell something, you failed to fall in love with something, that's what you failed at, and then you tried to make that work Good.

[00:34:40] Sue Bryce |  I'd chicken on your marriage at the same time. Just saying might be overarching. You know, it's like oh, oh, I see. Alright. Right.

[00:34:51] Sue Bryce |  Right. Myself, truth. That's why it's so important, right? And I really truly know that that is something that that comes up for people. So, yes, it is, alright, questions.

[00:35:05] Sue Bryce |  What else? Oh, wait, fear. Okay. So we have a fear of rejection, alright, and then we have fear is just in the back seat keeping us safe. Fear doesn't stop us.

[00:35:16] Sue Bryce |  You move with fear. You move with fear. If it comes with you, fear is just always there. What you're talking about is more self doubt And that's really what it comes down to is comparison and self doubt and not feeling good enough to try and not putting yourself out there. So not being connected to it.

[00:35:36] Sue Bryce |  And I also understand that when you have a heart connection to something, it's so powerful having a heart connection. That you can see why it's easier to sell something when it's really connected

[00:35:51] Melissa - Chat Host |  Yeah. What about, burnout? If you really love what you're doing, but you're feeling really burnt out.

[00:35:56] Sue Bryce |  Keep lying to me about loving what you're doing and burning out, doing it. Okay. Maybe you love doing it, but you refuse to sell it so you're burning out because you're not getting paid for it, or you have no boundaries around it. But, oh, I love this so much. I can't believe I'm burning out doing it.

[00:36:12] Sue Bryce |  Trust me, you don't love it so much. You don't burn out doing things you love. You don't. You just replenish and replenish and replenish, you know, I used to leave shoots and go and work out. You know, I wouldn't I did on the floor was when they started to literally suck my will to live that I knew I was done,

[00:36:32] Melissa - Chat Host |  so very important. Let's talk about perfectionism.

[00:36:36] Sue Bryce |  Mhmm.

[00:36:37] Melissa - Chat Host |  And when we really do know, we have conviction in what we're doing. Yes. We know our 3 by 3. We, you know, but we need to give ourselves a little bit of grace.

[00:36:47] Sue Bryce |  Okay. So perfection and grace are two different things. Perfection is avoidance. It's avoiding doing the work. I, when I'm perfect, I'll be good enough Instead of, I'm good enough now to do it.

[00:37:05] Sue Bryce |  Perfection is just avoidance. You're just avoiding avoiding why do we avoid anything? We avoid anything because of emotional pain. So if there's confrontation or fear, we'll just avoid that lesson instead of actually doing that, which is very, very important. There's no such thing as perfectionism.

[00:37:28] Sue Bryce |  You're not perfect you never will be. You may also be the oldest child. Some reason, older children lean into perfectionism, and I think it because of the expectation of mom and dad, but mostly the, perfectionism is coming from the, if I'm a good girl and I'm do it right, then I'd be good enough out there instead of I am alright, and I'm good enough and stop avoiding what you have to do. Oh, how do you have scheduled time in to create content in addition to your photographer? Erica, I am a creator.

[00:38:06] Sue Bryce |  I create, I don't work, I changed that, about 5 years ago, and so I create time to create. And there's a little post it that says create time to create, because you actually have to create time to create. Alright? And just create what what really replenishes you, so I call it VIP client. And in my work diary for when I would have work shoots, I would just put VIP time.

[00:38:38] Sue Bryce |  And when people say, can I have Monday? From 1 till 5, I go, no, I've got a VIP client a day. And then they just go to another day, and I just learned the the VIP time in my diary is for me to create, and I actually have creation. Now I know Jen Swadine, she's a night creator. Jen likes to set up, like, 11 till 2 AM.

[00:39:02] Sue Bryce |  That's when she gets her most powerful creation time, and she was like, I'm not creating. So we talked about when she creates, and she was like, late. And I was like, then put the family to bed, and then step and create and then tell the family you're gonna be later up in the morning because she's got older kids. And she was like, done. And so she's been creating at night, so I think a lot of people don't know when they can do that and when they can, but yeah, to me, it's morning.

[00:39:30] Sue Bryce |  Basically 5:30 in the morning till 9 am is my creation time, and I can get up and do whatever I want that time, and nobody interrupts me. And I don't look at social media 4:9 AM or emails because that requires something from me. And I'm like, no, this is about me connecting create to creatively. And so whether that starts off as crafting, like, no different than when I created body time, at first, I started with just 30 minutes on a yoga mat. Like, I could meditate if I wanted to.

[00:39:59] Sue Bryce |  I could do breathing work if if I didn't feel like working out, and now that's progressed to 2 hours of body time a day. Would you believe that? I'm like, going to hot yoga and stuff and, like, lifting weights and cycling. It's like so bizarre, but I'm just really enjoying what my body's feeling and experiencing. So I'm like, you know.

[00:40:20] Sue Bryce |  Alright. One question.

[00:40:24] Melissa - Chat Host |  There are a few more questions about how do you create systems around those boundaries and, and the time constructs that you talked about?

[00:40:32] Sue Bryce |  Okay. You don't create systems around boundaries. A boundary is a boundary It means no. A boundary is not a request or an ultimatum. The only discipline you ever need in your life is to discipline a boundary you have already set.

[00:40:52] Sue Bryce |  So when somebody says, I need you to do this, you say, I can do that on this day at this time. That's a boundary. Done. That is this that is it. There's no, like, how do you keep doing that?

[00:41:13] Sue Bryce |  If somebody's breaching your boundaries, maintain them. If somebody has no respect for your boundaries, sit that person down and say, you may have heard a request. Or an ultimatum. I gave you a boundary, and the boundary is no. Strepairs is when you say yes and your soul screams no.

[00:41:39] Sue Bryce |  So our boundary is when you say no, and then you follow through with that discipline by maintaining that boundary so that you can have the life that you want. That's how you do it. And women are terrible at it. But we're getting better. Alright.

[00:42:02] Sue Bryce |  More questions.

[00:42:04] Melissa - Chat Host |  Oh, no. Go. Let's talk about money for a minute.

[00:42:09] Sue Bryce |  Yep.

[00:42:11] Melissa - Chat Host |  When what you really want to do is really difficult to monetize how do you prioritize your road to get there? Well, now

[00:42:18] Sue Bryce |  you have to tell me what you're monetizing because I need to know.

[00:42:23] Melissa - Chat Host |  The question was about podcasting.

[00:42:25] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Oh, interesting. So if you have a look on the podcast download, under monetization, there is 5 ways that you can monetize a podcast. The fastest way right now is Spotify. Because Spotify, when we launched self value podcast, it qualified in the 1st month with a certain listenership number that instantly put us in the paid, qualifiers.

[00:42:55] Sue Bryce |  So then we gotta basically an email in the 1st 2 months to say your numbers put you in the top 3% of a startup podcast, which means you qualify for monetization. So that requires, 1 hell of a marketing campaign. Because you're trying because podcasts are called, we say it's had to make money, when their audience builders, and a podcast is an audience builder, meaning you could build your podcast to 5,000,000 viewers and how you would monetize that would be on Spotify they would pay for you to bring that many people to Spotify. You can also do paid ads, sponsored ads, read your own ads, like, it's all on that little download. There's 5 different ways to do it.

[00:43:43] Sue Bryce |  So in order to actually stand out in a marketplace that has 98,000,000 available podcast episodes currently, you would simply have to create, a marketing campaign around it that was really unique and that's absolutely achievable. I think that you could actually do that and that it would be absolutely achievable. But also, I know that the more bums on seats I get, that is now, I'm gonna make me more money. It's that simple. So those audience builders are really, really important.

[00:44:20] Sue Bryce |  There are other ways to monetize and if you were giving information kind of like education, you can even do subscription. And, I mean, go through the 5 areas first, and yes, you chose something of the 8 product that is harder to monetize than the other 7 products. Not impossible. I would instead look at this as I love podcasting, how can I make the most amount of money from that podcast and start to come up with drop and give me 20? Around there because that's gonna have to be that you stand out and be special and unique, and then it might just be a way of monetizing it.

[00:45:06] Sue Bryce |  Like, I seriously considered with self value podcasts to make it a subscription because then I was like, only people who really wanted to listen it would pay for it, it'd be a smaller price point, but you'd only have to have 10,000, 100,000 listeners. And, you know, you're clearing 20 to $40,000 a month, even if you made it, like, 3 to $8. So it's like, it's there. And instead of being, like, seeing it as a block, seeing it as a challenge. That's all.

[00:45:38] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. See it as a challenge.

[00:45:43] Melissa - Chat Host |  There are a few questions on the chat about how do you determine how much charge for your product?

[00:45:48] Sue Bryce |  Yes. We're gonna talk about that in week 45. There is a market price for everything. It's just that simple. Most small workshops and templates and digital products sell between, $17.79 or under 99, mostly, small workshops, one day, small talks, 4 hours, cropped videos, 4 to 8 hours are usually around a 79 to sort of 129, 149 price range, then I'm getting around the 1 sort of 49 through to the 299, and then is another 299 through the 699, and there's another bounce from 699 through to 1200.

[00:46:33] Sue Bryce |  And, yeah, they're just based on what product, what workshop, what but there is no rule. And here's the interesting thing. I started teaching photography on a platform in 2012. 2010 I started teaching. 12, I went on a live broadcast, and all the there were 11,000 people on that broadcast, and they just wanted to know how much I charge.

[00:46:54] Sue Bryce |  So nobody was saying this is the industry standard, but you could look at all of the photographers that were working, and they all had a similar price range within, you know, sort of, you know, the good ones were earning this much and the okay ones were earning this much, and then the businesses were earning this much, and the winning photographer order earning this much, and that information is available to you because obviously, taxes and they take data, and we can look at what our industry earns and what our peers are earning, even though 90% of them are taking cash and not actually declaring their income, but that's okay. That's creatives. And as that starts, that builds. So to me, yes, I think that maybe, What's the main question? Like

[00:47:48] Melissa - Chat Host |  The on how to charge the For the product?

[00:47:50] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. I I guess what it comes down to was this. There's a value range. I was baldy enough, after watching people fight over this online for a year, in 2013, I stood up and said, this is the industry standard. Right?

[00:48:09] Sue Bryce |  Do you remember that? I stood up and I said, right, you guys are just like, you you're all screaming about this. You're all nuts. You're all nuts. This is this what it is.

[00:48:18] Sue Bryce |  It's like the industry standard is $1800, 2400, and, 200800, or do we even go to 3000 a time. I was like, if you're good and you think you're worth more than that, you can go higher than that. That's entirely up to you. I'm just telling you the metrics so that you can understand there is no metric for online workshops. It comes down to the deliverables, which is how long is this product how long does it take to watch it engage in it?

[00:48:46] Sue Bryce |  Does it have a workbook? Is there a live component? Am I going there? Is it a workshop? Is it a retreat?

[00:48:52] Sue Bryce |  Breaking down all of your costs, what does this cost, and then look at it like this. I did not do an exclusive product for most students that was over, a $1000 because once you get into the over a $1000, you're talking about the room get significantly smaller, and the one on one gets significantly higher. But the more products stayed lower and more, then they went out to a bigger mass of people online. So there's an industry standard for all of them, and it's pretty easy to work it out because you just look around at what workshops sell for. Yeah.

[00:49:28] Sue Bryce |  And also we anchor price all of our workshops. So we anchor price at 6.99 or 4.99, then we put it on sale. Okay? So whatever that anchor price that you first set, you maybe never sell at that price. You may be always selling with a discount, with a code, with an email code, and then every time there's a hallmark holiday, you can set your ads for your workshop for your template and everything is being set around those holidays and you're activating ads around them, and I think that that's but yeah, there's no metric out there other than what's online, and I'm happy to just look online and say what the metric is.

[00:50:07] Sue Bryce |  Like some people came in and said to me, your workshops 299 on sale and they go, yes, and I know that when I put a workshop up for 299, I'm going to sell 5 to 10,000 units. Of that workshop because I have a big audience and I go after this big audience and I know what I've got it all laid up. I know what my units are, and I'm looking for that bigger group unit. Always. If I wanted $2000 per person and only twenty people in the room, then that's the different way, and that's mode of expression.

[00:50:48] Sue Bryce |  That's how I like to connect, how I like to teach, how I like to engage.

[00:50:52] Melissa - Chat Host |  Do you have any suggestions on how others can build an audience? Like you did.

[00:50:57] Sue Bryce |  You have to build your audience on social media. That's where you build your audience, but what we're going to do in week 5 is specifically build our list and building an audience on social media and building a list of 2 different things. And when you start to really speak authentically in your marketing and when you love your product, and you love selling it, and you love who you are and your personal brand, and you start to really communicate that with authenticity on your social, you'll grow your social, but what we're then trying to do is garnish off that social media audience, the people who buy from us, and we need to build a list so we can email and stay connected and that's what I want to teach you here. So to me it comes down to just this real narrative around clarity on who I am, what I do, why they offer why it lights me up, and then you can truly, truly feel that it's just so palpable, right? And, yeah, you really do, a personal brand is relying solely on social media, really, And the best part is is you don't own it.

[00:52:16] Sue Bryce |  That's why you need a list because Nicky woke up 2 months ago and her 40,000 followers were just gone, and she was a paid verified user because her bot, the Instagram bot, somebody reported her account as impersonating as Liberty. There was no content on there that was not Nikki. I mean, she looks like Junifraniston, but it's like, come on, she even hit the, review button and it got reviewed and still taken down. You know the only reason they could go to social media back? It's because they posted a story of it, and one of my followers is married to somebody that works at Meta.

[00:52:55] Sue Bryce |  That's not a lie, which means that I could lose my social tomorrow, and there's no guarantee I can get that back. And so that just tells you, like, we're relying on social media. If you're not paying for it, you're the product. And the reason we don't pay for social media is because we are the we are the product. They take all of our data for free, and that why when you do spend money on there, they sell you back the data they get from everybody, and that's why it's so powerful, and that why you've got to spend money there.

[00:53:28] Sue Bryce |  I know you don't want to give Mark Zuckerberg any money, and trust me, I don't either. But he has got 12, 13, what, 15 years of data, where you sleep, where you shop, who you're friends with, They even know what you're saying in your private messages. Right? They know everything about you. When you go to sleep, when you're awake where you shop, where you spend your money, everything, everything is being tracked so that they can sell it So when you buy advertising on Facebook and Instagram, you're buying access to the data they have been collecting off us harvesting from us for the last 15 years.

[00:54:08] Sue Bryce |  That's the whole point of it when people lose their shit on Instagram because it's like nobody's seeing my algorithm. It's like, oh my gosh, you don't even pay for this, and you're actually saying that Instagram has ruined your business. Well, if that's all you were getting as some likes and work from Instagram, you better start hustling, networking, building your list, and building your brand because that's not a business, that is just a social media account, you know, and also there is nothing joyful about social media. Like, it's worked to me. I open it.

[00:54:44] Sue Bryce |  I wanna connect them like, or a recipe, I like, oh, that's a cute video. Oh my gosh. I can watch dog and cat videos all day. All day, like, I had to, like, let's put that away. I'm watching, like, little dog videos, and I'm like, because they're joyful, but, you know, at the end of the day, that is my workplace.

[00:55:05] Sue Bryce |  So the one thing I want to ask everybody is as they're stepping and all these junies and pubs forward is this. Do you love it? No. And that's why you can't sell it. So if you're making something right now, I need you to love it, and I don't just mean love it.

[00:55:25] Sue Bryce |  And you should love it. Like, ugh. I love doing this. I love making this. I love showing up to this.

[00:55:34] Sue Bryce |  I love creating this. I love selling this. I love making this. I love seeing this. I love doing this.

[00:55:41] Sue Bryce |  It's got you've got to love it and be proud of it. It's really easy to sell when you love it. It's really easy to talk about when you love it. It's really easy to share when you love it. Alright?

[00:55:54] Sue Bryce |  Do you love it? Yes. Can you sell it? No, is there anybody out there that is truly can stand in front of me and say yes to the first one and no to the second one? It's okay, I believe you because I know you believe this is true.

[00:56:11] Sue Bryce |  So if you believe that you truly love it, but you can't sell it, then tell me why you can't sell it. Go on. Tell me why. Is anybody here brave enough? To sit face to face and tell me why.

[00:56:27] Sue Bryce |  Go on. Just think of the people your help. No? Just think of the people you're free in this moment. You could free yourself in this moment.

[00:56:38] Sue Bryce |  Come on. Who's brave winner? Who can't sell it? Who loves it but can't sell it? I know.

[00:56:48] Sue Bryce |  Right? She said, I don't know if I love it anymore. And I was like, right? Because when I say, do you love it? Yes.

[00:56:58] Sue Bryce |  Do you love it? Yes. Do you love it? Like, I love it. Sort of.

[00:57:09] Sue Bryce |  No, really. Do you love this? I woke up this morning, and I thought, oh, yoga. And then I said, oh, it's not a yoga day. Oh, it's content curing and coating.

[00:57:21] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, I love this workshop, sprung out of bed, put my slippers on, and I love selling it. Just to coach me, I love it, and I love selling it. And I was like, and that's why it's selling. Do you love it? Yes.

[00:57:41] Sue Bryce |  Can you sell it? Yes. Then let's go and sell it. That's it. I break it down.

[00:57:48] Sue Bryce |  I've broken it down a 1,000,000 different times in a 1,000,000 different ways. Ask me about parts forward, just checking on my time. Ask me about the path you've chosen, is there anybody out there that's specifically looking at their checklist? Ask me those questions. You are also welcome to take those questions in the group throughout the week, but ask them now while we here so we can break it down.

[00:58:11] Sue Bryce |  And if there's any questions in here, call for the mic. Any questions out there for me? I can't quite see Dave's question there because my confidence monitor, can you move my confidence to the top right?

[00:58:29] Melissa - Chat Host |  He said, is it possible to love something after you work on it, or do you believe it starts from the beginning?

[00:58:37] Sue Bryce |  Oh no. Yeah. When you start something, you don't necessarily love it. You are just walking towards it. You know, it's like anything like what you've chosen as your profession right now?

[00:58:49] Sue Bryce |  At some point, you went, I wanna do that. I want that. I want to walk that path. I want to learn that. I want to be that.

[00:58:58] Sue Bryce |  You saw it. You had a vision for it. You can't manifest anything until you have a vision for it. Okay. What happens if you have a vision for it and you start moving toward it?

[00:59:10] Sue Bryce |  But there's no joy on the path. Okay? There's no joy on the path. That means you're doing it. You're on the right freeway, wrong lane.

[00:59:24] Sue Bryce |  Okay? Just gotta change lanes, right? And sometimes you know, when the fast lanes going really fast and you're in that middle lane and you're trying to jump, you're just like, I'm gonna get in that fast lane. Gotta get in that fast lane. Gotta get in the fast lane.

[00:59:37] Sue Bryce |  So when there's no joy, there's no boundaries. When there's no joy, there's no, There's no boundary and there's no heart connection. Now often when I'm walking a path and I find no joy in my path, I realize, a 100% of the time, it's because I'm walking somebody else's path or idea or limits. And often, I'm like, I'm gonna do this. So I'm gonna be this, and I go to become or do this thing, and people are like, you know, well, like, you can't do that or you should do it this way.

[01:00:22] Sue Bryce |  And inevitably, I start doing things that other people want me to do. When I'm doing things that other people want me to do, I get out of alignment with the path I'm walking real fast. So there's just no joy there. So I always say it's not what you're doing. It's how you're doing it.

[01:00:39] Sue Bryce |  Is the energy with which you do anything. It's not what you're doing. It's how you're doing it. So what is it about the how you're doing that's not bringing you joy. And if you can get to there, you can use yourself that problem really easily.

[01:00:52] Sue Bryce |  Finding our production team, they're everywhere, and they're ridiculously expensive. What you really need to do is find, a as I wrote on that asset, there's a asset list to download. Are you going to DIY this on your phone? Are you going to do this with your camera? Now I was happy to share tailored media.

[01:01:15] Sue Bryce |  Maybe Melissa could drop tailored media's detail into there because they're my product team and they're awesome and they're based, here, but they also travel anywhere in the US. And, really you're looking for video editor. Okay. That's one of the most important things once you've filmed your footage, but to film it, usually, videographer came up and you want somebody that specializes in sound, and you really only need one person. So if you meet the right person, you can have one person can help you film anything.

[01:01:54] Sue Bryce |  When I film my at home setup, which you're going to see all of that in week. I think it's 5, you'll see my at home studio. I don't need someone. Although I was explaining to Melissa, I was like, because when she's producing for me, I just put Melissa behind the camera and she's watching the camera my hair, you know, if I have a booger, if the, camera pauses for some reason, I did my home set up and I hit record and I talked for 47 minutes and taught this awesome class and then I finished, and it wasn't recording. And I recorded nothing because when I actually hit stop, it started recording.

[01:02:37] Sue Bryce |  And then I looked down, it was like, 4 seconds. And I was like, what? And then I realized I just done this powerful talk for 47 minutes. So my at home setup is my DSLR with my teleprompter and my Azure mic going into my laptop filming on QuickTime. That is the absolute hack, and I do not need a media company or a production team to do that.

[01:03:04] Sue Bryce |  But I did ask Melissa the next time I did a video to sit behind the camera and watch you know, all of that so I don't do the 47 minutes. Then when I go to do anything for social media, it's my phone with the iPhone mic, And then I've got my at home setup for coaching, for short videos, long form sales videos, or anything that I just wanna talk when I'm by myself. And when I make products to sell, I use a production team, but that production team only has 2 people. So you know, I've seen production teams on the Instagram where it's like, and this is our PA and our there's 7 different crew. And I was like, you do not need to pay seven people to record with 2 cameras.

[01:03:48] Sue Bryce |  Like when I started SBE, I launched SBE with 74 videos. How's that? 70 four videos was my library and my producer at the time he filmed all seventy four videos on his own with 3 cameras, 3 DSLRs, on tripods, he would hit start on all three. And whilst I was teaching, even shooting craft videos, not just teaching videos, he would walk between the 3 cameras and just turn them on and off so that they keep resetting. That's how I launched a brand that made me 1,000,000 of dollars.

[01:04:28] Sue Bryce |  So I know people are like, I'm gonna go and pay a production company to go and make all this product for me, and then you're gonna be $25,000 and maybe have, you know, a workshop and you do not need that, you know, you do not need that. How do you convey to your audience that you love in a way that isn't plaguing them to take advantage of how much your service, could help them? So when I talk about what I love, I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about me. And I say make products you love and then use them with love, demonstrate them with love, used by people who also love them, and then you're showing this thing that you do, that is that that is how you do that, that is love, and it is so incredible and it's palpable and you can feel it.

[01:05:14] Sue Bryce |  You can absolutely feel it. Alright. When we create our own PDFs to sell, I'm worried about the copyright if I use Canva and take a base template, then out of all my, own info onto it, is that okay? I take their design and rework it. Okay.

[01:05:29] Sue Bryce |  So with Canberra and all of those designs and AI, I said what's most important with templates is that you own the content. So you have to look at the copy rights for Canberra because there's commercial licenses to change a template And yeah, but one you can't breach the copyright of what that template is. If you're buying a template, you have to buy the license to sell it as a commercial template, otherwise you're using that copyright. The same with contracts, a lawyer has written a contract, If you take that contract, that is a breach of copyright, the first person that sues you is the lawyer who wrote the first contract but everyone does it, they steal contracts, and it's not yours, but if you're selling content, so if you're making a template, then everything in there has to be yours. And if that anything in that template comes from someone else, then you have to have the permissional license to be able to sell that as, a template, right?

[01:06:32] Sue Bryce |  No different than music? Any site you recommend to find video editors. Okay. So I have created a directory of personal branding photographers. Through my photo platform.

[01:06:47] Sue Bryce |  And now I'm launching content curator, which is teaching people to have all of those assets. So now I'm going to activate that list of personal branding photographers. I'm gonna email all of them all around the world and say, I'm about to share this document with everybody, and I need you to be ready because there's businesses out there that now will need personal branding assets, and this is what they'll need. So I would also like to create a database for video editors, cam ups, and lighting specialists because it's something people need, and I would love to really, really do that. In the interim, you might just need to check this, but there is a website called Upwork Okay, an Upwork has a whole lot of different I don't know if they have video editing, but what they definitely do have is, like, if you want a Wix designer to design a Wix site for you, you can go in there and go Wix specialists, and you will get a range from $25 an hour to $200 an hour of someone that can create a Wix site, and you get all their profiles, and you just pick 1.

[01:07:53] Sue Bryce |  I bet you video editing is its own thing on Upwork. And other than that, pretty much anybody under 20 can edit videos. Seriously, they know how to edit videos. And sound really, really well, but if you want them done properly for product that's going online, you want the sound to be pristine and trust me, Sound over image quality. Sound over image quality.

[01:08:19] Sue Bryce |  To start a video library, what is the minimum number of videos? 10. 10 is an online series, workshop, technically, that's a library. Anything goes in over there, you put two videos in a library and seldom is standalone, you have 2 videos in your library. What constitutes a library putting stuff in it, what constitutes a platform?

[01:08:43] Sue Bryce |  That's, I think, what you're asking. Yeah. More than 10. More than 10, and they're coming in and maybe either have a subscription or logging in, then that becomes a platform, right about them. Yeah.

[01:08:59] Sue Bryce |  Use the phrase. Oh, yeah. Use the phrase what I love. You wanna scroll or give me any other questions that I'm not seeing?

[01:09:07] Melissa - Chat Host |  I think there's is an opportunity to talk about where you can, find a list of products that you recommend.

[01:09:14] Sue Bryce |  List of products you recommend. Yeah. For Action

[01:09:17] Melissa - Chat Host |  products and links.

[01:09:19] Sue Bryce |  Oh, okay. So yeah, I don't want people to buy any products just yet. Please don't, please don't buy any products. And even when you look at those flow lists, when you look at your paths forward, there's not a whole lot of stuff to buy on these lists. What we need to focus on right now is I started out with identity and I moved into parts forward.

[01:09:41] Sue Bryce |  Next week, we're about to unfold all of your content. You won't even realize how relevant marking your timeline is until you start next week. And then you'll be like, oh, that's fine. She wanted us to write all of that down. Because it's an incredible lesson on you knowing your story because it brings all of the content forward.

[01:10:01] Sue Bryce |  So here's something that I see in people, whether it's a template, a talk, a workshop, a presentation, it doesn't matter. Every time I start to talk to people about them doing this or standing up on stage or doing this, the first thing people discusses their identity. I'm this, and I'm this, and I'm not this, and I'm not this, and it's like, okay, cool. We get that out of then we talk about what you do and your mastery to doing it. And that's the exciting part because they get to see people light up, I've worked out that just about anybody, I bet you every single person in this room could set up on this stage.

[01:10:37] Sue Bryce |  And if you said, what's your business? And I'll just use photography as an example, because it's a good one. Say, I'm a photographer. Okay. Cool.

[01:10:44] Sue Bryce |  We've got 10 photographers in the audience, and they're gonna ask 10 photography questions. I bet you, you could confidently, and succinctly answer all ten questions. I bet you, you could. And I beat you if somebody said, alright, how did you break through to selling? You'd go back to your timeline and you'd be like, oh, yeah, I know how long it took.

[01:11:08] Sue Bryce |  I know that I grew in increments. I know I did this, because I remember my timeline, then you would be able to answer the question. But what most people can't do is stand up on stage without the 10 questions and talk for 60 minutes So imagine when you get up on that stage that you're answering 10 questions, what are the 10 questions? That's it. All you do in business is solve problems for people.

[01:11:40] Sue Bryce |  All you do in marketing solve problems for people. What problem do you solve? Once you know that, then it's really clear. What problem do you solve? And I that like, that blows me away.

[01:11:59] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, yeah, you're really just solving a problem in the marketing. Okay. Take your biggest objection right now. And if I think of selling educational content, the biggest objection I'm getting right now is will that work in my town? Right?

[01:12:17] Sue Bryce |  So if I created marketing that solves that problem, I started a I started a business in my garage in a country town, And I took that business to a $1,000,000 in turnover a year in my shitty little garage. In New Zealand, no less. That was already enough. You're already thing, I've solved my biggest problem. Now you've identified, wow.

[01:12:56] Sue Bryce |  And I would stand up on stage And the first two things that would come out of my mouth, let's say, hi, everyone. My name is Sue Bryce. I'm a photographer, imposter syndrome. Even though I'd been a photographer for 21 years, here's the thing, being a portrait, being a photographer let me out, being a portrait photographer, not so much. It was just part in the parcel of it altogether, but being the photographer really, really let me out But being an educator really lights me up.

[01:13:27] Sue Bryce |  Like, what I was hungry for photography when I was young, I feel the same way about teaching business now. I've always just followed the feeling of following my true heart and what my true heart wants to teach. But I know that all of you have the experience, all of you can answer the question. All of you can stand up here. In fact, when I get people like that that are in credibly knowledgeable around business photography, they're really good on a panel because a panel, you wait till somebody asks you a specific question, And then you answer that specific question.

[01:14:02] Sue Bryce |  I hate panels because I don't like waiting to talk, Yeah. And I also have a lot to say, and I knee and when you ask me a question, I'm not gonna be like, that's a really good question, Robert. I think the answer would be, I'm like, wait

[01:14:20] Melissa - Chat Host |  a minute. And I

[01:14:22] Sue Bryce |  am like, bills me up, and then I'm like, you could do this. You could change this. You could be this. And then I'm like, because that who I'm meant to be, I'm meant to be that person, just unfolding people and and connecting with them and getting them to the right path, and Knowing that they're on that right path. Mhmm.

[01:14:40] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. So it's like We were talking on Sunday night, us girls about clarity. And I was like, what is it? Why is it so powerful? Why is it so powerful, this clarity, knowing who I am, what I do because it's so powerful.

[01:15:04] Sue Bryce |  And Kelli said, because it's the truth. And that's when you find your true path forward, that's exactly what you're walking into. So I used to stand up, and when I first started teaching, and the first thing that would come out of my mouth was identity because this was important, and I needed people to know that it was important, I would stand up and say, my name is Sue Bryce. I'm a photographer in Tulsa Syndrome. I am not a rich wife.

[01:15:34] Sue Bryce |  I'm not a trust fund baby or a rich wife yet, and then everyone would laugh, because I would save the yet And I was like, why was it important to people that I said that I wasn't, trust fund baby or a rich wife? That was important. Yeah. Because that was my identity, right? I needed you to know that I built this from nothing.

[01:16:02] Sue Bryce |  Blood sweat tears. I did this on my, I didn't. I had lots of mentors. We know who's buying lunch. Alright.

[01:16:15] Sue Bryce |  So that to me is exactly like I was like, and I used to stand up and speak out this idea tea like it was so important that you had to know I didn't get an education, guys. I'm grassroots. My mum and dad didn't pay for this. I don't have a husband that's writing checks and paying the mortgage. And, you know, like, that was so important to me that you understood that about me identity, identity, identity, and if you don't think your identity is important, you're gonna struggle to get through week 1 week 2, week 2 week 3 when you've got to actually start owning the content that comes out of you.

[01:16:53] Sue Bryce |  Right? So I can see this is directly tied to how much you love your product and how much you can share it and sell it. And I know that it's directly tied to how much you love yourself, how you share it, and how you like to put yourself out there. And that's why we're talking about personal brands because personal brands is us and ourselves. And I also believe if you have created a personal brand, you know this.

[01:17:27] Sue Bryce |  You know you're special. And just me sitting here telling you that you're like, deep down, you know, and I know that you know that you're special. Otherwise, you wouldn't have started a personal brand. You would go and get a job when nobody cares about your name. You'd go and get a job in corporate, wouldn't you?

[01:17:55] Sue Bryce |  But you're not. So instead of, I always say creatives that just needy little meat sacks that is standing in front of you saying, just tell me I'm good enough to be this creator, and tell me I'm good enough to live my dreams. And tell me I'm good enough to honor myself and my path forward and my creativity, and tell me I'm good enough to sell my stuff. And tell me I'm good enough for equal exchange, and tell me I'm good enough to ask for more, and tell me I'm good enough to call myself this one thing, and tell me I'm enough to be it, and tell me I'm enough to get up on the stage, and tell me that I'm not invisible, and tell me that I am good enough to do this. And I don't need to tell you because you already started and you already created it, and you're already here.

[01:18:45] Sue Bryce |  So instead of bringing me your fear and your ego and your self doubt and your avoidance, And that's okay. That's between us. I get that, but I don't want your fear and your self doubt. I want you to unfold. Joyfully.

[01:19:02] Sue Bryce |  And as you unfold joyfully, I want you to find your true path, and I want you to speak your truth to yourself first. And then once you speak your truth, you create that identity because you have so much clarity around who you are and what you do and what you offer And when you love what you do and who you are and what you offer, it's easy to sell it. We're dealing with childhood programming, about money, guess what? As an adult, you soon learn where did that money programming come from? Take a look back, guys.

[01:19:36] Sue Bryce |  It's not that hard. There were two of them usually. Okay? And it's either that one or that one gave it to you. It's always the crave parent, whatever money energy you end up with is always the parent you struggle with the most, it's never the good one that could save money.

[01:19:51] Sue Bryce |  Oh, and the the patterns that you attach to are always self value. Well, who taught you your self value, the same people that lived in your house that had no self value? Okay. So you didn't learn very well. Maybe you could master that.

[01:20:06] Sue Bryce |  This is all stuff you can learn. This is all stuff you can heal. Yeah. I feel like it's, This is the most exciting thing about working with creatives. Pretty little liars telling me little lies about themselves when you are all so beautiful, unique, incredible, resilient, powerful, strong, creative, knowledgeable, wise, practiced, and you're gonna really ask for permission to do something that you find a choice for.

[01:20:49] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. No. So enjoy that. Now, the reason I want you to your timelines as map them, map them, map your timeline, map your money growth, map your business growth, even mapped the time it took you when you were thinking about leaving that job, you hated so much And I just want to leave my job and go full time. And like, now when you look at my group of people and you go, cool, these 800 people broke through to full time employment, and you're like, I want to be one of those people, those 800 people forgot what it's like to feel stuck because once you have momentum, you forget you forget that you used to feel like that and think like that and that's why you do your timeline so you can remember the pain.

[01:21:34] Sue Bryce |  So when you walk through, you can go, oh that was uncomfortable. I remember how uncomfortable well, that was. Oh, that was a big growth period. That took me 3 years, but when you know these things, then I'm going to ask you to pick a subject next and I'm going to ask you to unfold it. And when you unfold it, all of those timelines will come into those steps.

[01:21:57] Sue Bryce |  In every narrative of fear or breaking through or empowering yourself or achieving something, Note them. They are noteworthy. They are, like, celebrate them. They are wins. I won this.

[01:22:12] Sue Bryce |  I learned this. Wow. And that's gonna blow your way. And so next week, when you sit down, I'm going to call it Ford, and we're not calling Ford a workshop. Were not calling forward a video series.

[01:22:27] Sue Bryce |  When I wrote 28 days, I did not say I'm going to write 20 I'm going to record 28 videos to teach photographers. I said, I'm going to write the steps that I taught my 3 photographers that took them to my average sale, and there were 28 steps on that bullet list. I worked it and worked it. I compressed them. I plumped them.

[01:22:55] Sue Bryce |  I expanded them. I worked them further. I did it again and again and again and again And no matter what I did, it just keep coming back to 28 steps. There were 28 steps. I was not trying to create 28 videos.

[01:23:10] Sue Bryce |  And that's what we're going to do next week. We're going to get your steps out. We're going to get your subject. We're going to get you connected, and we're going to get your steps towards it. And then once all those steps flow out of you and you feel your path and you can see it lighting up, I'm gonna ask you at the end.

[01:23:27] Sue Bryce |  Is it a workshop? Is it a book? Is it a key note? Because you won't really know. You might but that might change.

[01:23:38] Sue Bryce |  So go into the next round of finding your content as just exploring your knowledge your depth of knowledge and your experience in this subject. Yeah. That's the construction next door, which means I need to stop talking. If there's any final questions, I'll take them, including, obviously people are like how do I come and be in the studio audience? But how do they do that?

[01:24:08] Sue Bryce |  You can actually there's an email I'll make sure that I connect that.

[01:24:13] Melissa - Chat Host |  Another question here is, in confidence, how do you so two prong two part question, How do you know that you know it well enough to teach it? And then once you've decided that you know it well enough to teach it, how do you develop those speaking skills in order to actually do it effectively?

[01:24:29] Sue Bryce |  Yes. Okay. So what we're gonna do first is, We're going to ask the most important question. This, what are the people who are following you asking for? Because that's the first line that I get.

[01:24:45] Sue Bryce |  So if you'd come to me in 2009, when I declared that I was going to be a speaker in the industry. And right at that moment, I was just saying I'm gonna be a speaker. I was not like, No big deal. You could go and speak at WPPI and never speak again. Like, I spoke once, you know, I declared that I wanted to be a speaker, and straightaway, I heard the resistance around me.

[01:25:08] Sue Bryce |  When am I when do I know I'm qualified to do it? When the people around you are asking you for something. So the people following me were like, do you have a book? Do you have a workshop? They keep saying, do you have a book?

[01:25:25] Sue Bryce |  Why? I got book more than anything. Do you have a workshop? Do you have a book? And those were the 2 things.

[01:25:32] Sue Bryce |  Do you have a workshop? Do you have a book? Do you have a workshop? Do you have a book? And then inevitably, that was 2010, it was, do you have a workshop?

[01:25:41] Sue Bryce |  Yes. So I started teaching workshops. The second I told people I started teaching workshops, they stopped asking for the book until they're at the workshop, and then they would say, you need to write a book because they'd be at workshop, and there'd be too much information, so then they'd ask me for a book. And then I was like, I know what you're saying is you're asking me for a book, but really what you're asking me for is a form because you're asking me for more information. Now people are always like, do you mentor 1 on 1?

[01:26:08] Sue Bryce |  Do you coach? Do you speak? Do you teach workshops? Like, what are you being asked? And when you show something that you do really, really well, like let's say you go to a networking, meeting for photographers and you're there to talk about how you have fully booked clients you know loading that talk up with information that every photographer sitting in the room is going to come up to you afterwards and say, I would like to learn more.

[01:26:35] Sue Bryce |  How can I learn more from you? That's the moment when you realize that what you gave was so valuable people are asking for Now, you don't go out onto your social media and say, I'm a mentor. You get asked to mentor, right? And then when somebody says, will you mentor me? You're a mentor.

[01:26:57] Sue Bryce |  That's how you do it. And then you don't say, I am a mentor and I have a mentoring available, you show a successful person that you've mentored, or doing something successful with somebody that's mentored, and then that person you mentored gives you this incredible testimonial and says, I did this because of her, and you say, thank you. That's a mentor. So I think a lot of people are like trying to come out as mentors, but they're not being asked to do or teach anything. So listen to what people want from you and inevitably if it's business or self.

[01:27:32] Sue Bryce |  So what did I say? The big areas are always around money, right? Self development, like becoming something more, craft, learning something, mastery, right, mastering something, or, and what was the other one? I think there was entertainment, but if it comes from these 4 energies of wanting to move for those reasons, then it's usually assigned to one of those big kind of verticals. Yeah.

[01:28:00] Sue Bryce |  So to me, it's like, I don't know. I'm always gonna attract people asking me about money growth because I talk a lot about money very openly, and I also notice when they talk about money, people write more notes, but don't ask questions because money is so shameful that people wanna learn it, but they pretend that they don't. So I find when I talk money, people are like writing faster than I could think that they won't say, you know, I had debt. Like and when people do speak about debt, they cry, like it's shameful. They're like one girl at a workshop got up and told everyone through tears shed $16,000 on her credit card, and everyone started laughing because everyone was like, oh, only 16,000.

[01:28:47] Sue Bryce |  And she was like, fully in her shame, you know, like, oh, I have to tell everybody something. I haven't sick. They're vulnerable. They're my credit card there. I would say, oh, I can do that in a month.

[01:28:57] Sue Bryce |  Like, are you serious? What are you? You know, and but just to see the shame people around them, well, I'll attract a lot of people around money because they talk about money. I'm gonna talk, I talk about business, so I attract business, people that want to start a business, and I'm a creative, so I attract creative. So people are definitely attracted to you.

[01:29:18] Sue Bryce |  It's what they're saying you showing that you're doing that they're attracted to, so find out what that is. And then that's usually the first place people start asking, would you mentor me in business? And that was the very 1, 2009 after I spoke for the first time people came up to me and we're just like, will you coach me? Will you mentor me? Will you coach me?

[01:29:38] Sue Bryce |  And I said, no. And that's when I opened my workshop. So it's a really incredible, like, when you realize that you're showing something that people want from you. Look, it can be this easy, Nicky identified in our group years ago that people have problems just emailing their clients, so she wrote an email template by just email templates, how to respond to clients. And then, like, she forgot about it.

[01:30:08] Sue Bryce |  18 months later, she called me and she was doing her tax is, and she was like, you know, that little template email thing that I did? And I said, yeah, and she goes, it's made me like $18,000. And I just forgot about it. I don't sell it. I don't share it.

[01:30:21] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, yeah, you just made $18,000 make money while you sleep. You know, it's that simple. It's not like it has to be a, like, a book with 38 chapters. It could be as simple as creating something that you've mastered, like a little template, that you could just set and say, I just noticed all of the business owners around me, keep saying, well, I struggle with emails. What do you say?

[01:30:46] Sue Bryce |  And when I'm telling them about my system, I realized that I could just create a template they could buy for $30 or $40 that had everything they need in it. Well, imagine if she, like, activated that, sold that and then it was $40,000 a year, and she has ads set to it. And I was like, you have an email template product on your store that makes you 40 1000. That's a mortgage. It's paying for a house, one product.

[01:31:16] Sue Bryce |  It's not as big as you think. It's simple things. What are people asking you for? I've mastered something so simple. Like how to respond on email.

[01:31:28] Sue Bryce |  That is brilliant. By the way, that is also the information on how much Nicky made from. That product is like four years old, so three years old, so I have to go and ask her, to date what it's made, because I still don't see her sharing it, and I bet you it still makes her money. So your knowledge is really valuable. Alright?

[01:31:48] Sue Bryce |  Very, very important. Do you use platforms like Etsy to tell you sell your templates. No deal. I want you to sell them on your own store. Yes, you can sell them through Etsy.

[01:31:56] Sue Bryce |  You could even sell them through Canva. But I would like you to build your own e commerce store as soon as you can. What's that one? Oh, sorry, I lost that one. Go down up for me.

[01:32:09] Sue Bryce |  Testimonials. Yep. Where is this? Where do you travel? Where is oh, I don't know that that was a question for me.

[01:32:16] Sue Bryce |  No other questions. I'll bounce out guys. It's been an hour a half, and I don't wanna keep making these videos longer and longer and longer and longer. Oh, yeah, Jen's there. Email team at supervise.com, and Jen's gonna help you guys if anybody wants to come and see us live in the next 4 weeks.

[01:32:34] Sue Bryce |  Okay. I talked about this with the boys a lot, and this was this the week that all of us felt like was the most, We all just went, shall we move at originally, we had this pushback to 5, the path forward, and I intentionally bought this forward, Because before we even define our product, I'm gonna make it very clear to you that in order to get to success at the end of this is do the steps with your identity. Work out what you really want. These are the maps forward to start building and taking steps forward. Look at the physical act of what you have to do as you look at these and say, this is a pathway wanna walk.

[01:33:27] Sue Bryce |  Next week, we're gonna take all that you know about mastery, and we're gonna choose the subject, and we're gonna explore what we know in this world. And this is the exciting part. Now you get to truly like lay it all out, and over the next 2 weeks, then we start to make products with it. And it's really cool. And I just want you to, you know, take your time finding your path here that there's a saying in, self value we use, which is unfolding.

[01:34:05] Sue Bryce |  You know, you are becoming something new, but you're not becoming something different. Alright? And that's really important. You're becoming more of what you already are. So don't think I have to become this thing.

[01:34:22] Sue Bryce |  There's no that's that's bullshit fear. It's not even real. You're not becoming this thing. You already are it. You just don't value it.

[01:34:35] Sue Bryce |  Everything I do for income I can do without valuing it, but they choose to value it. And in this path of mastery, you start to realize what you've mastered and what you've learned, you start to actually see how valuable you are. And that's why I put out there, like, if you learned taxes, if you learned money management, if you learned how to sell, if you learned marketing, if you learned social media, if you learned SEO. If you learned how to network, if you learned how to hold space, if you learned how to manage yourself and be sustainable in business, you are ahead of 96% of the population. And everybody wants to be sustainable and valuable and self employed.

[01:35:22] Sue Bryce |  If you have mastered that, you are already mastered so many things. And then whatever your natural mastery is, your natural superpower, when you do your timeline, that's gonna come forward. And you're gonna realize this whole time, I am valuable. I am valuable to somebody that's about to walk this path. Imagine talking to yourself 10 years ago.

[01:35:45] Sue Bryce |  Imagine talking to yourself 5 years ago. Imagine if you could sit yourself down 5 years ago and say in 5 years time, you're going to do this with your business. And this is where you're going to be. Can you imagine that? So that's incredible.

[01:36:04] Sue Bryce |  Like to me that you've done that and you've walked this path, now you're about to find out just how valuable you are. And if Nikki didn't think she was good enough to write an email template of email responses that have literally Given her more work in business because she emails her clients and they email her back, she's made tens of 1000 of dollars by simply sharing something so simple, guys, this is what I say. And you could look at that and go, that's nothing. And I'm like, cool, did you make you know, $20,000 in your sleep last week, oh, last year. So to me, I was like, it's not I know that we walk in these big paths, and we think it's this big explosion coming forward.

[01:36:51] Sue Bryce |  It's not. You're unfolding. It's already there I'm just shining a light on you and my light is valuable. The light I shine on you is value. So I go like, oh, shit.

[01:37:05] Sue Bryce |  It gives me water. So I just go like, are you valuable? And I just keep the light on you until you decide you are, and then you find it. Because the weird thing is is people tell you the life first, you know, Yeah, I can't because and then they tell you this, but then you just keep asking them, so where where are you valuable? Yep.

[01:37:24] Sue Bryce |  Keep going, and they inevitably get it, they'll find it, and then they tell you, and then you go, that's what you're here for, that's what you're creating products for, that's what you're doing this for, that is what you're doing. You're here to unfold your value. Everybody is valuable. Everybody is capable of making an email template. Changing the parts of many businesses.

[01:37:47] Sue Bryce |  So that's it. That's all you're doing here. Now first, we've got to work out what it is about all this content that we're about to write out, then we plump it up really big. And then we cut it down and trim it down and plump it up and cut it down. And then we make it fit many different paths, but ultimately, at the end of next week, you're going to start to see your content, and you're gonna start to be like, wow.

[01:38:14] Sue Bryce |  And you might actually be surprised. Now content begets content no differently than money begets money. The more content I give away, the more you take the next steps, the more I get more content for the next steps and the next steps. And once you have an audience, and you're listening to them, you're then creating content for them. You're solving their problems in real time you're watching them go through something and then curating content for the next step and the next step because you go, this is how you do this.

[01:38:46] Sue Bryce |  And they go, well, I got stuck and that, oh, well, this is how you get unstuck. Oh, but I wanna do it this way. Well, this is how you do it differently, and you just creep keep creating for them because you're just solving their problems, and that's all you ever doing in business is solving those problems, marketing, and solving problems. So educating solving problems, presenting as solving problems. If I'm gonna do a presentation to a networking group, who am I speaking to?

[01:39:10] Sue Bryce |  What level of business? What level of self development and confidence? What level of selling, what level of money. If I'm at a conference, that's all I want to know is all of those things that I know how to prepare content for the people there because all I'm doing is solving all of their problems relating to them and then being a beacon of light to their next steps. Right?

[01:39:35] Sue Bryce |  Yes. Alright. Thank you very much, guys. See you next week.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 2 Coaching ====
