==== Start of Transcript: Prework 02 - Self Worth ====

Hi, everyone. Welcome to Video 2 Homework. How did you get on with Video 1 Homework? Remember, the first video was really just assessing all of your self perception, all of your identities, and all of the areas of your life, don't try to fix anything just yet, I really just wanted you to come to a witness of where you're in alignment and where you're out of alignment because I know I've done this work for so long, that when you start to look at being out of alignment, it's a little bit soul crushing. There's some feelings that are not pleasant.

There's a lot of avoidance came up for me and mostly, because I lived in kind of a deeply resentful state, you might not even realize it. I felt sadness, anger, I felt all of the feelings that you're supposed to feel when you're not happy with your life, and it's okay to not be in alignment most people are not, you know, it's not some magical gift that everybody has that you don't. It's something you have to learn, it's something you have to unfold. It's something you have to create. It's a focus, you know, to actually get into alignment in your life So, honestly, just really look at that week, that video 1 homework, and I want you if anything to sort of come to a place where you're saying this is the area I most avoid just to bring it to your awareness, This is the area I'm most excited to grow and become, and this is an area that I wanna focus on right now, like sort of look at it and start to get a little bit excited for what you're going to create in that area, but, I'm going to put lots of questions into the group.

So come there, and I'll help you pull apart if you can't see where you want to go first come into the group and let me help you get there. 4 week 2, this is really about money. This is how you live. This is your survival budget, your month free nut, how you live, what you ask for, what you don't ask for. I want you to look back at your parents, but we only take a peek.

We don't spend all of our energy there, we are not there to dissect our childhood. All we're doing is coming to a awareness of how we got all of this money energy and what it means to us. So when it comes to your parents or maybe guardians or maybe just social curators. That's all the people around you that brought you up that gave you the voice and everything you know right now. We're gonna just look at them, and we're gonna look at how you perceived money growing up.

Why? Why do I want you just to look at it? Because this is your old programming. This is where your programming comes from, and you can't understand what filter you have until you understand where it comes from and just why. Again, if you get stuck in the weeds of feeling bad with these feelings, get out of there, and go and return to love and make yourself feel good.

They're not overwhelming. Feeling should not be overwhelming. Emotions can be very rare and overwhelming, but feelings, feelings, when you check-in with yourself at your wisdom, your inner knowledge, your your guidance, it's your intuition. It's that that gut instinct inside you, those are your feelings. They are when your body gets a sensation and you're like, how does this feel?

How do I feel when I think of these words? It's straightaway that feeling. I want you to hold to it. If you start to get to big emotions, emotions that are making you wanna avoid, wanna run, wanna cry, wanna do anything like that, you just come up out of it. You don't have to go into those emotions.

You're just triggering old stories that just means that you might need a little bit of help digging into the deeper stuff. But again, I'm not asking you to dig around in your childhood, just take a look back at what all the adults were doing with money because I bet you some of them were winning at life and some of them were losing and somehow you definitely got this energy. So let's just start there. I want you to, you know, think of all the money around you. When you look at that homework, I've given you lots and lots of words.

And those words are because a lot of people when you are them to feel, they can't put a word quite to a feeling. So what I've done is I've given you a whole lot of feeling words, Some of the words are scary, some of the words come loaded with emotion, and some of are really just beautiful words, I want you to feel the word Okay. Just feel it. Does that word a word feel right for me? Is it attached to a feel it?

Yes. It is. Maybe my word makes you think of a word that's more relevant to you, but until you can name your feelings, find them, find them, name them, observe them, you can't move through them. So, you know, sit in these feelings. It's very, very important.

I wanna know if there's any social curator or family member or a friend growing up that gave you an impression of money that was good or bad. You could do this this choose as many as you want for as many people because I've worked with so many coaching clients that have parents that were separated, And maybe mum had terrible money victim poverty energy with money, and dad was manipulating and tight fisted 2 entirely different money energies around you, you're going to probably attach to the Crave parent and whatever they were doing. So acknowledge and I like my Craig parent, acknowledge if there were different energies in the house, acknowledge if those different opposing energies caused constant direction, you know, they always say that couples fight about money and sex, more than anything else, money and sex, So you can see that money is gonna cause a lot of friction in a home, especially when some people are empowered around money and some people are disempowered. Again, we're just taking a look at what the adults were doing because now we're the adults and we wanna make sure that we get our money energy sorted So I just wanna see which of the money energies is pulling you back to be like them, this might be something you just learned as a child.

You saw more than you think you did, and I really want you to do that homework around, like, were there any, positive role models? Like, were there any, you know, people outside of your family that showed you money value, okay, why it's common to mirror the behavior of a Crave parent. And when you do find out that you're doing something that dad did and you just wanna dad's attention, so I became more like dead in every way with the same struggles and the same illnesses and the same problems, sometimes we just do that because we want their attention, but as you grow up with this, I was looking at behaviors that were I actually realized were not even mine. These aren't even mine, I inherited them, or I learned them from someone else, and I was giving myself a hard time about having these behaviors instead of, just coming to a witness in acceptance that this is what I do, and this is why I do it. So I offer up some pretty big feeling words, as I said, and as usual, I just want you to sit with the words and feel the ones that impacted you most, and I hope a whole lot of light bulbs go off for you.

If you start getting stuck and that it's not fair, my parents, well, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if your parents were homeless, and you were born on the street. You have the same value as every other living human being. You have the same worthiness to be loved, and you have the same opportunity to become whatever you want to be in this world. In fact, your swan song would just be greater.

You are not less then because of how you were born into this world, no matter what our society tells you, you are worthy of love. So if you can observe mom and dad or social curators or what that could be foster homes that could be adopted, whatever, if you can observe that without attaching to too much pain and narrative, but just see what they showed you and look at the correlation to now and, you know, I want to know if these words make you feel shame because guilt and shame stop you from receiving money. I want you to notice if most of the words that you ticked were negative or if they were passive or if some of them were really positive, like, there might have been only positive money influence in your life, lucky for you. This is going to be an easy, easy homework segment for you. Remember what Wallace Watl said?

You don't help poverty by making a study out of poverty. That just brings an energy of of lack into your thoughts every single day, you bring people out of poverty by bringing them to value, and, you know, you show and making a study out of becoming rich in every sense of the word becoming, not what you don't have, you focus on what you are becoming. So that's really, really important when you look back, especially if there was really bad money due to in your house, you might see struggle poverty, homelessness, shame, manipulation, horrible, horrible energy around money. That's not you, that's not yours, that's theirs, they can own that and you 100% can separate yourself from that so don't get stuck. Don't give stark making a study of what they did with money, just acknowledge and observe where they were at because that's what they taught you.

Also know this. Many wealthy people don't teach their children about money, and their kids just become rich freeloaders. So it's not something that is guaranteed to be given to you if you were born into privilege. And also, even though we were working class, we weren't poor we were broke. We were in survival most of my life.

Even though we were in survival, you know, I still have a very rich family life in many other ways. So this was really just focused on how you were taught to flow with money and what was around you. You know, now that you look back, I want you just to sort of look at who gave you this the biggest sense of money and value, like Get out of the negative as fast as you can after you define how you grew up and how what their money energy was. It's very quickly. It's gonna happen at the beginning of your homework.

Now I want you to really push into what's the anybody that gave you a sense of money and value? What age were you when somebody told you this? You know, I really hope it wasn't me, but if it was me, that's gonna make me incredibly proud, and I'm sorry it took you to this age, to learn this because learning about the value of money and how to flow it into your life is truly a gift we should give all children and I wish that we could all be so free around value and money so children could grow up knowing how to value themselves. So you'll see that I've asked you also then to do the exact same rating on yourself. So do your social curators first and then do yourself.

And then the next one is them and then come back to where you're at in the five levels of money. If you're in survival mode and you're living month to month with debt and there's money pain, acknowledge it. You have to start from the bottom okay, because the only way is up and it's okay, the only way to get up there is to start looking at it. I also want you to acknowledge if there's anybody in your life right now that mirrors mom and dad's money energy, like, did you keep up this money and you're still attracting it. And did your money energy shift, when did it shift, and how?

I asked you to do that for all the levels money, which is number 1, the bottom line would be survival mode, which is just surviving. You know, we don't wanna survive. Once we stabilize and start paying down our debt, Once we start management and save that security fund, that's when the first sense of security starts to come to you, and I want you to know that any money in the bank is an illusion of security. It's just numbers, you know, it's a It's ones and zeros, and you look at it and you feel safe. But at any moment, it seems to be, it could get taken away, and it's such a false security, but until you've lived without it and you've felt the fear, then you don't really understand that.

So when I got to level 3 in managing my money, it was the first moment I had an emergency fund, my business had an emergency fund, I felt so safe in that moment and it was a feeling I didn't know I could get. So the next level up is accumulating. That's when you give your money direction and value. And then, of course, the next step up is investing because that's level 5 and money grows money at that point, once you get to a point where you're investing, the money keeps making money, and that's just apps absolutely insane, but that is how a world of commerce is designed to work. The most powerful insight you'll scrubber about yourself is your ability to sit in your feelings, to sit in your feelings and observe them.

That just observe what you're thinking and feeling and thinking just sit in that car and just listen to my thoughts and my feelings remember feelings are not emotions. They don't feel out of control. It's just your inner voice, your intuition, and your wisdom, it's your truth. Okay. So inside there is your truth.

And you can ask yourself, how do I feel? How does this make me feel? How does thinking about this make me feel? You know, feel all those feelings? Money brings out pain, fear, stress, judgment, unworthiness, security, freedom, opportunity.

It brings up so many things, and I want you to feel all of it. Even if you think you don't have any negative money, energy, do it anyway, and just feel everything because your emotions are your limits of how you can grow in any area, so you're gonna push into each feeling until an emotion stops you, that's your limit. Once you hit that wall, you know exactly, woah, this is why I'm responding. This is what I'm responding this is how I'm responding. I can go no further until I sort this out in here.

You know, it feels very overwhelming at first because you might have avoided these feelings for a really long time and now you're gonna go and look at them. And sometimes when you just look at something, you just look at it and you go, oh, that feels really bad. Push it away. Focus over here for now. Slowly, slowly unfold each area one at a time, and that's why I want to know, was there an area you just want to avoid right now, come into the group and talk to me, I've already just, started writing a post about what mine was, and where I feel the most important, where I feel the most excited, where I felt the most connected, because that's different.

So then I go into more feeling words, there's lots of feeling words, you know, if you avoid looking at your money, this exercise will be uncomfortable. And I remember being so broke and so in money pain that, you know, just looking at it, just made it so sickening, but I'm telling you once you start that that sick feeling in your belly, it goes away. And once it goes away, it starts to feel like self power up here in that solo plexus. So my current money situation makes me feel that's another big one. Please explore that.

Please please please, why is money a value metric? Money is a value metric because it's in direct proportion to what you ask for and therefore what you believe you deserve and also what you step up to receive. I'm gonna make you do the survival budget over and over again until you know it so well, and then it's not a survival budget anymore. A big, bad, thrye budget. There isn't a better example of no more and no less than writing out your current survival budget because if you wanna know exactly what you ask for, it's right there.

No more and no less than what you currently ask for is right there on your monthly budget. Now I always say a lot of people don't wanna do the survival budget, especially if they're supported, but do it. Do it anyway, do what you get, what you need, what you have, what you'd like more of, do it for truth, do it for awareness, do it for acceptance. Do it to see where your money is going. Do it so that you can set boundaries with people to make sure nobody's taking money from you that should not be taking money from you.

Do it to stop all leaks. Do it to take control of your debt and to confront your money pain, do it so that you can get exactly what you ask for no more and no less because as soon as you start to see that kind of clarity in front of you, you're gonna go, woah, I need to start asking for more, or I need to start asking for this. Do it so that you can ask for more and do it so that you can grow because otherwise you will not. You just need to see it. Right?

Just see it. See the numbers. Feel okay about them. Explore the feelings around them. Learn the numbers.

Know the numbers. You don't need to set any lofty goals right now. You just need to come to full awareness of how you're living right now. Most people avoid looking at their numbers, even people who don't have debt, you know, but the truth is is once you start looking at it, you take all of the horrible feelings away that you've already written at the top of your homework, And now you can start to come into here and say, right. Now I know how to grow this.

So I ask what would you add to that monthly budget? Okay? Don't think about that when you're writing it. Just get all your numbers out, look at what's left, Look at what you're saving, look at all those lines, and now ask, what would I add to this monthly budget if I could What would I add to this monthly budget? So is it more self care?

Is it more a lots of good runs on there for you to choose, more experiences, more shared experiences, more personal experiences, more travel, more education? Is it more investments? Is it more spending money? I love spending money, so I've catered $200 a month just to buy online things that I want for my house. And if I don't earn enough money that month, then I know that's gonna come off my chopping block, so I budgeted in because I get great joy spending money.

I'm not gonna judge you for spending money. It's what gives you joy. Just make more, some people want more things and that's okay, whatever those things are, if they're aligned with you and they make you happy, more business, maybe, more savings with direction because you've gotta give savings directions so that it really powers up. And more freedom. Obviously, money gets us more freedom and more opportunities and more of my special interests.

So you can't ask for more until you get clarity around what exactly you want, but remember asking is clarity Oh, certainty and conviction, right, and then connection, and it's clear direction. So that is clarity. It's like, as soon as I know, so when I say what do you want, what your heart is connected to, okay, and the law of no more and no less. So now I want you to really sit with that budget and look at the list that you ticked above, I do want more travel, I do want more spending money, I do want more of this, and I want you to tell me how much more, and be very specific. How would I like that in my life?

Be clear about what you want, walk the multiverse and try out some futures, try out some scenarios until you feel your past light up. How do you feel? Oh yes! I do want that. Explore why you want it, and if it's connected to you, if it's connected to purpose, if it's connected to your heart, add it to your list.

So if you want more spending money, how much spending money, how much a month be specific, if you want this to show up tell me how much you want. Tell me what you want it for. Why do you want it? Why does it give you a good feeling? Is it connected to your heart to ask for this money for what?

Where is it going? Is it going into savings? Is it going into a travel fund? Is it paying off a mortgage? Is it going towards an investment?

Is it going towards, you know, stripping back your debt? Like every single empowering step you take with money will empower your next step in money. I want you to know what you want in that area. Be very clear about it and then connect it, connect to your purpose and then add it to that list. This new budget is going to become more and you need a new number to focus on.

I have been doing this for 23 years, and it's one of my all time favorite coaching things to do. I want you to do the $1,000,000 dream, and I want you to do it for yourself personally. I don't care if you've done this with me 3 or 4 times. Do it again. It will change again.

It changes every time I do it. I have a gift for you. It's a check for $1,000,000. You will see it in your homework. I want you to print it out.

I want you to write your name on it. And I want you to sit with this check and do the exercise that comes with it. Weirdly, a $1,000,000 would free most people or move them in some way. If you are a high income owner and you have investments and you own property, a $1,000,000 is not going to go far as just going to get added to those lofty goals anyway, but it's still enough to be significant for would that change my path or not? There are so many questions attached to the feelings around holding that check like who would you save?

And if you haven't saved yourself right now, you know, I'm gonna ask why are you saving other people before yourself? So really sit down and ask, what would I do with this money? Who would I share it with? What would I do with it? What would I grow?

Who would I be? Am I on the right track now? Because if that money would change my course, then that means I need to change my course right now. It's not about waiting for the money, it's about what that money shows you, and we get so stuck in our own loops that it's incredible when we would sit down in misery or suffering over something and say, if I just had a $1,000,000, you know, if I just had a $1,000,000, all of my problems would go away. They don't go away.

Alright? They just get easier to manage because you have more money. And money just gives you more options. That's all. It just makes you more of what you already are.

So make sure these goals are all connected. Make sure they're all all connected. Alright. So all that homework is amazing around $1,000,000 dream. And like I said, if you've done it before, do it again.

The second one, I do it for my business. I'm not allowed to spend this $1,000,000 on anything but a business. What would that business be? What would I do? How would I do it?

Who would I work for? Where would I work? What would I create? You know, like who for, like, this is multiverse ground. This is playing dreaming, daydreaming, creating, this is the most joy that you can get because you're sitting down with a $1,000,000 worth of business money.

And look at the rest of the questions on that homework because they are designed to make you see that if that money is going to change your path, then you might need to look at what path you're going to change because you'll see it right in front of you. Right now, that $1,000,000 would not change my path. I am so honest with you right now. It wouldn't. It would go in to make my life fuller and better and it would give me more shared experiences, more investments, and it would give me, a you know, a much more lavish retirement, but it wouldn't change me now because my money is already has value and direction.

I'm already at level 5 investing. It would just make me a greater investor. Now, I want you to be as high up on that list as you can, you know, towards investor. And if you're not, if you're at survival and you're at you're on rung 1, the only way is up, my friend, the only way is up, and I will continue to talk about money and value because I know that once you get free of it, you know, it's just a life changer. Regardless of what you found in video 1 and video go to with money, both carry a lot of guilt and shame.

One is I don't like my life and I feel disconnected from it and 2 is I don't like who I am around money and it's all those horrible feelings. If those 2, you know, subjects bring up a lot of pain for you, a lot of pain body for you. I need you to spend a lot of time and self love and acceptance of where you are at right now you can't start loving yourself until you find out that you haven't been loving yourself, and it's not that you were unlovable, you didn't learn how. So let's start now. Don't get caught up in the I'm at the bottom of the run.

I'm not in alignment at any part of my life. That's why you're here. So please please. I've been there. I've been there, and I know I know what it feels like.

And trust me, every single time, you just hang on to that bottom rung and just feel all these feelings and don't let go It's okay. Oh, I wanna cry just thinking about it. Like, seriously, it's okay. Money is just the value metric of money hits you to the core. It's like being a child, whatever money means to you, and if you grow up with money, it's less of a social judgment, and it's more of, make parents manipulated, there's more games around money when people grew up with it.

So everybody has such a different experience around money, and I want you to just really unfold what yours was and what you believed about yourself. Because coming to value with money is truly extraordinary. Doesn't matter if you've dug yourself into a hole. I'm here to get you out of it. Remember, you know, you look up and you say, friend, I've fallen in this hole, and I don't know how to get out, and the friend jumps down into the hole with you.

And you say no, friend I'm stuck down here, I can't get out, and the friend says I've been here before, and I know the way out. That's it. Okay. I wanna teach you how to write a love list because you're going to learn how to do this every day of your life, and it's truly extraordinary to activate your heart. A love list is simply a list of things that you love.

It's like a gratitude list. I start with I Love, and it's just a journal exercise. And I want you just to sit down. And the thing with journaling, I think, is to flow, right? It's to not think, but right fast, and it's to journal just consistently and let it flow out of you and then sort of read it and be almost surprised by what you've said to yourself, not not even knowing.

You can do this quickly. You can record yourself doing this. You could tell somebody, but it's better if you write it down but I always say write a love list and it's not an affirmation list and it's not a wish list It's a love list. Okay. It's things I love.

And when you get stuck in a negative focus for so long your brain is only focused on what it doesn't have. When you start to write these love lists, and I can write a love list about absolutely anything. I want you to just focus on feeling love in your body. Just feel love in your body. So you could do it for, you know, your love relationship.

You could do a love list for your lover. You could do a love list for your body. You know, just like loving on your body, you could do a love list just for yourself, for your friendships, for your relationship, for your family. When I ask people what their superpower at work is, a lot of people really struggle to define what that is. So write a love list for work, and I'm gonna teach you how to do this because I feel like it's easier if I just sort of explain how I write my love list.

When I ask people what their superpower is and they go, well, I I they kind of give me the end result. Like they go, I wanna be, an influencer. I wanna be that they don't sort of tell me what they're doing that lights them up so much. So on this list, what I've done is I've given you a whole lot of sort of adjective descriptions of things that you do And I want you to look at them and say, oh, yeah. I love doing that.

Oh, yeah. I love doing that. And then write your own because only write as many as I can think that I would, you know, have experienced in my business. So for example, I wrote, I love to and I start my love list where they love to. Every word, I love to assist.

I love to teach. I love to present. I love to instruct, I love to create content, I love to make products, I love to manage people, I love to I don't. I love to work in a team. I don't.

I love to work alone. I do. I love to make creative marketing. Oh, I love that. I love accounting.

I love to manage projects. I love to sell things. I really do love to sell things Oh, I like to create all visual content, like video and imagery. I love to design anything. I love ideas.

I love to edit. I love to write. I like to speak. I like to collect data. I like to connect people.

I like to connect things. I like to do taxes. I like to outsource. I like to build businesses, build teams, build communities, build platforms. I like to sing.

I like to paint. I like to play. I like to coach people. I like to add I like to create. Oh, now go and add a whole lot of yours.

Look, I've got goosebumps. There's a whole other things on that list I don't love to do, these were just prompts for you, but the whole point was every time I got to one that I did love, and I said it out loud, I got goosebumps because my body is saying, I love doing that, I'm thinking about it, I'm feeling love, my body's all warm, That's how I create a love list. Sometimes I'll create a love list if I'm feeling a little bit down and I'm going into a social situation with my friends and I don't feel really strong in myself, I might create a love list for myself, all the things I love about me, or all the things I love about me as friend. I love that I have great friendships. I love all of the time I spend with my friends.

I love that I love listening and holding space for my friends. And just keep going. Don't stop. Your love list should be in your mind at all times. I love doing that.

I love being with them. I love this moment. I love this food. I love moving my body this way, I loved wearing this outfit. It felt so good.

I liked looking in the mirror today. I looked so good. I love my hair, I love my hair, even when it's not behaving, I still love it. I love my body. I love my face, I love my friends, I love my pug, I love my house, I love my bed, I love my new bathroom.

Oh, I love my car, I love driving, Oh, I love I love write a love list. Ignite that heart. It doesn't matter. There are so many areas you can write love list, and all you have to do is ignite it. You'll see in your homework I write a love list for my husband because instead of resenting him, or instead of constantly looking at him to meet my needs, I'm going to just focus on What I love about him and what I love about our relationship, I write that list, and then I walk into the room with this big, like, care, beer, beaming, love, heart out of my chest, and that is how I ignite love inside my heart, but if I came home and expected him to do that, then we wouldn't be married because The whole point is you can't come home in resentment and expect someone else to bring you to love.

You have to come to love with love because nobody gives love to you. You're just in a state of love. You are love. Don't forget that. It's very, very important.

Write a love list for yourself today, it's so worth doing, and you will feel it. Alignment is I'm in love with this idea. I'm in love with the process of doing it. I'm in love with the connection I feel towards this, and I'm in love with my path forward. Alright?

All we have to do is ignite all the parts of our life, in love, enjoy your homework, and tag me in the group if you would like to chat.

==== End of Transcript: Prework 02 - Self Worth ====
