==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 22 - Emotion = Energy in Motion ====

This is something that's gonna change your world. Emotion to me is emotion. Okay? I like emotion. Energy and motion.

So when you feel something, it comes in motion in 90 seconds, leaves. Motion. So when their energy gets trapped, it becomes weight, illness, and pain. Straight away. Instantaneously, Now energy and motion is the ability to move your emotions and your energy and not trap them, ignore them, avoid them, or stuff them into your body.

And the second, you can shift your emotion, your energy and motion. As soon as you can shift it and not trap it, it will change everything. Because the moment I trap or suppress emotion, it shows up in my body, my body will not allow trapped emotions to not show up. In order to express yourself, in order to express your fear, in order to express your pain, you need to find that you're valuable enough to speak your pain. You need to be valuable enough to stand in your truth.

You need to be valuable enough to say, I don't want you to do that. That hurts my feelings. You need to be valuable enough to put up boundaries to stop leaking money you've got to be valuable enough not to stuff it down and say, if I was a good girl, I wouldn't have these feelings. I don't wanna drive my partner away by asking for what I want. I don't wanna drive my partner away by standing up for myself.

I don't wanna drive work away by putting boundaries up, I don't we are so afraid of speaking up for ourselves, and we trap it, and we trap it, and we trap it, and then we walk away and feel resentful, and that resentment will show up instantaneously on your body and your wallet and your illness. So I go back. I go back to where I found the pain. I went back to why I wanted to cover myself. I went back to my bitterness.

I dealt with the bitterness. Had nothing to do with the weight. The weight came after. Here's the thing. In order for it to leave your body, It needs to become a motion again so it can leave.

By the time you've suppressed pain, it's no longer painful. You've suppressed it, it's become something else. In order for it to leave, it's gotta become pain again. So often one of my friends will ring me knowing I study metaphysics, okay, I twisted my ankle. What is it?

I'm like, you tell me? Like, I don't know. And I go, of course, you know, it's your right ankle. Right ankle is your direction. And your ligaments are trying to control your direction.

And they go, how do I get rid of it? It's your direction. You tell me. Okay. Well, just tell me what to do.

I was like, okay, you need to make a decision about where you're walking, you're trying to over control it instead of letting happen? Why are you doing that? Where is it showing up? And then they'll tell me. Other times, I'll ask, they'll ring me and they go, what is this?

What is this? And I go, you know what that that is being burdened by someone not listening to them, not wanting to hear their answer. Yeah. No. That's not it.

Oh, you're doing it again with me. Maybe I've just got a sinus infection. Okay. Will you go and enjoy your sinus infection? What did you call me for?

Do you know the definition of what an asshole is? Askhole? Is somebody who asks for your advice and then doesn't take it. Oh, god. That's just too good to say.

But it is so true. You have to, in order to confront something that's instant in your body, you need to go straight to this course straight away and feel the pain. And so today, if I could have taught you anything, it's about feeling pain.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 22 - Emotion = Energy in Motion ====
