==== Start of People Who Requested Refunds and Why ====

Hope this email finds you well.
I think the content curator course is not for me. I got a wrong impression from a friend who recommend it to me. I don’t offer workshops, programs or speak in public.
Is it possible to cancel this course and get refund please. I didn’t even watch first video in full.

I thought is going to show how to use different ways than known currently for attracting portrait clients, spread business awareness thru video. Honestly I didn't even read description. My friend just said that it's new revolutionary course from Sue and I just grabbed it. I'm sorry for any trouble that this could cause. I still have so much to learn from Portrait System.

Thank you,

Joanna

---

I paid for this content Curation workshop. I did not understand. This is for people who sell digital products. This does not apply to me, I'm wondering if you offer refunds?

Since I knew Sue from the Photography side of things, I thought this was going to be more about using social media to sell my photography business: how to "curate" what I should be posting. I listen to quite a few posts about this before signing up, but somehow I missed it selling digital products part of it.

Thank you for the refund.

Jen Dery

---

Pardon the question - I thought I remember seeing something about if you're not satisfied, about a refund, etc.

Two weeks in… it dawned on me this morning in thinking of Sue's statement/question (but thinking of this class)- "Do I love it". "Do I LOVE it", it became clear to me that, well, I don't.

If you do offer a refund, I would insist on it being prorated, as I did try to embrace it for 2 weeks, and feel that statement above, was definitely worth the take-away, as well as some others. But the program isn't a fit for me. I think the two weeks have shown I'm not getting equal my-time-worth for equal value, for my busy and changing life.)

Thanks for wanting to hear my thoughts. I do appreciate the work and value that the Sue Bryce team has done, and continues to do.

I love public speaking, I love educating, I love teaching. And I'm good at all. But I've realized by this week two, I don't LOVE the idea of creating this type of brand around myself. Everyone is obsessed today with wanting to become a mentor, or the "next Sue Bruce" or next whoever. I know I have valuable experience to share, but the class isn't going to help me figure out what that is. Until I do, the value that others may find in the class, is wasted on me.

I didn't want to sign up for a "motivational" course, but one heavy on details of actionable information. Week 1 I thought was really good at forcing you to figure out who you are - the "in your face" energy was good, because it opened up people's vulnerablities, to help you truly ask yourself the hard questions. Really good job on that.

Week 2, I felt like the "details" for each content aspect, was too general; like reading the table of contents of a book, but not getting to read the chapters. (It could be the subsequent weeks will break down each point on each map more, but that would take a lot of time.). But with the videos, Sue does give a lot of details from her experience of things to look out for, which are great insights.

To be open about another thing (which I saw in the chat others felt that first live week): I thought the "live" coaching would be more "connected" to the students; More of a zoom than a webinar. So there isn't any benefit to arranging your schedule to be on the live cast. I was expecting a bit more of personal connection, but I understand if she has over 300 people attending, and that wouldn't be easy. But Sue has also made it abundantly clear in this class that she doesn't want personal connection with those who she educates - and it's really hard for me to relate to an educator with that attitude (which of course, is her right to be that way.)

I think those are all my thoughts. It was really Sue's speech going on about "Do you LOVE this?" that made me reflect on the whole course, and decide to discontinue. Again, I hope many find actionable value from this class. But for me, if I truly want to say, start a podcast someday, I wouldn't circle back to this curriculum for guidance.

Please thank Sue, that in these 2 weeks she did help me clearly see that the content creator path, as I exist now, is just not for me. And I do owe you for the value of that.

Jen Worley

---

Sue, gosh, this is hard. But I don’t think this course is working within my learning style. Don’t get me wrong, I enjoy your story and have benefited from your ideas in the past but I wanted more from this course. Technique and strategies to light me up right out of the gate is what I thought I would be getting. Templates to actually lay things out, strategy of when and where to get the most traction. So far it’s been your journey which I’ve heard several times over the years. I don’t find that instructive, it is an example of a result of content but not content itself. I realize that your intent is working on self discovery to pull the story out and put it into words but the techniques of “figure yourself out through these mental exercises” isn’t what I’m looking for and isn’t my learning style.

I don’t believe it will be beneficial for me to continue the course and would prefer to drop and be reimbursed.

Sincerely,
Suzy Petrucci

---

I am really sorry, I really love Sue and I always loved her photography courses. This course is not exactly what I was looking for.

I would like to ask, about the 30 days money back guarantee?

I don't think it is description is not right. Maybe is my English which is not perfect.

I love Sue photography courses, but this course isn't for me. I was probably expecting more practical steps. Sue Empowerement talks are great, but I am more of practical person.

She is really great speaker and very inspiring person. I am just not sure how to use it in my business.

Again very sorry for the inconveniences

Best regards

And thank you

Kateřina Ceralová

---

Hey there,

I dont feel this is a good fit for me. The class is wonderful. I think being in a class in person is something that I would benefit better in. I get easily distracted and dont have the ability to concentrate. Also in the first class I had questions and no one was able to answer. Is it still a possibility to get a refund?

I thought it would be geared towards photographers. I also thought it would be more involved with people in the chat asking questions. After trying to do the worksheets on my own i overthink the process and realize that maybe its something I need to do in person. I have taken business courses in person with Klemmer University and because it was in person i felt more impacted to do the work. When you have multiple businesses its hard to take time out for yourself. I may mention to people to make sure you have the time to do the work. If i had that I think I would be more successful.

Thank you again and I absolutely love Sue and what she is doing for entrepreneurs

Victoria

---

Dear Content Curator Support Team,

After participating in the live course and reviewing the study materials over the past few weeks, I have concluded that the content does not align with my current professional objectives. While I appreciate the opportunity, I have decided that pursuing a role as a speaker or curator is not suitable for me at this time.

I recall that there was a money-back guarantee associated with this course, and therefore, I am respectfully requesting a refund in accordance with your refund policy. I would sincerely appreciate your assistance in processing this request at your earliest convenience.

When I enrolled in the course, I was expecting a focus on creating content for social media platforms and more insights into developing digital products. I believed it would equip me with strategies to enhance my online presence and monetize my business through digital offerings. While I understand there may be additional information forthcoming in the next weeks, I had hoped for a stronger emphasis on these topics from the beginning.

Additionally, I found the term "content curator" to be relatively new and somewhat unclear, especially for those whose native language isn't English. It might be helpful to provide more clarity on this concept during the course introduction.

The course content fell short of my expectations in these areas, which led to my decision to request a refund. I hope this feedback can assist in refining the course description to better align with future participants' expectations.

Thank you for your understanding and assistance in processing the refund.

Best regards, Claudia

---

I signed up knowing there was a 30 day money back guarantee. Can I go ahead and cancel this is day 29 and have money returned?

I thought it would go over more than a basic understanding.

---

Hi! I recently joined the content curator course however, unfortunately I am not to this place yet. It wasn't quite what I expected. I think I saw that there was a 30-day money back guarantee and I need to see how I go about getting that refund. I apologize for any convenience.

When I signed up for the course, I think I simply didn't fully understand what the term "content curation" even meant. Maybe that sounds crazy. I Google searched the term and didn't find an answer that seemed to fit with what Sue was teaching about. I asked the question in the forum the first week, and got what one person thought it meant. It made some sense. But even now that I kind of understand, I think I am not quite ready for speaking or developing products or coaching or creating a class. I've tried going through some of the videos and homework, but just end up getting confused and overwhelmed. My brain is just having trouble processing it all. I'm so sorry!




==== End of People Who Requested Refunds and Why ====
