-- Start Summaries of Self Value Power Talks --

01 - What is Self-Love?
You are not broken! In order to be filled with self love, you have to see yourself as worth it! Sue talks you through CREATING yourself, FEELING your value so that not only you feel it, but everyone else can, too. Sue teaches you to understand and accept yourself for who you are and to learn to love and care for yourself. It involves developing self-awareness, self-acceptance, and emotional intelligence.

02 - Identity
We develop our identity through our experiences and perceptions throughout childhood and adolescence. We carry these with us and live through "The Filter of Our Past". Sue explains this powerful concept and gives you steps for taking control of your future! It’s time to embrace your power and worth by unlearning the limiting beliefs about yourself. You learn how to get into alignment with what it is you truly want!

03 - Suffering
Why do we suffer? Why do we get stuck in “the loop” of fear, self-doubt, rejection, and obsession? Suffering and “the loop” are habits and, like any habit, it can be broken! Sue walks us through HOW to get out of the loop and HOW to break the cycle of suffering and instead to cultivate a mindset of self-love and self-worth. Self-love, self-care, and self-acceptance are crucial to living a fulfilling life!

04 - Avoidance
Self sabotage is what you do to avoid your feelings, to avoid confrontation, to avoid anything that may make us feel pain. By becoming more self-aware, you can better understand how you are avoiding and Sue teaches you strategies for processing your thoughts and emotions. This self management helps you to set powerful life goals and develop a strong sense of self-worth. Learn to manage your emotions and reactions and when you stop avoiding, you wake up in alignment with what you want every day! Sue will show you the way to building self-confidence and clarity on your path forward.

05 - Self Perception
Instead of living in your “old story”, Sue shows you how to embrace your power and worth by unlearning the limiting beliefs about yourself. This is a life-changing technique that will help you to identify your true desires and set boundaries to protect and prioritize your values.

06 - Creation
Sue believes you are ALWAYS manifesting, even if it’s in the negative. Learn to understand why you aren’t getting what you want and shift into alignment and CREATING what your heart desires!

07 - Love
Do you ever feel hurt or rejected from your family or spouse? How often do you feel untouched, unseen, unheard, and unloved? In this segment, Sue helps you understand that you are the source of love. You’ll learn about understanding and accepting yourself for who you are. You’ll also learn to love and care for yourself, to develop self-awareness, self-acceptance, and emotional intelligence.

08 - Money
To be financially free is one thing but to be financially unburdened emotionally is life changing. In this powerful video, Sue explains how our self value is a direct reflection of our ability to make and receive money and to grow wealth. It's time to take control of your life and embrace your true value. Don't let fear and low self-worth dictate your beliefs about yourself! You deserve more and have the ability to ask for it and step up to receive it.

09 - Body
In this segment, you start to learn a whole new way of thinking and living. Instead of constantly being caught up in the overwhelming thoughts and emotions and struggles, you start to clear the mind and open the heart. You focus on yourself and feeling good in your skin, connecting with your body, and LOVING WHO YOU ARE.

10 - Community
Ultimately, self-value is about improving every aspect of your life and recognizing that you have the power to create positive change for yourself. This includes giving yourself permission to not have to walk through this life in pain because of your family members or the people you surround yourself with, and Sue unpacks these concepts for you.

11 - Work
Pursue education/entrepreneurship/career opportunities that align with your passions and purpose! Work with joy and intention and never underestimate the power of creating what you want with intention and determination. You are worthy and capable of achieving your goals and Sue helps you walk towards believing in yourself and taking action to make your dreams a reality!

12 - Awareness
Awareness is the first step! In this segment, you will begin to explore your own self-perception and identity and to learn how to reframe your old narrative and write a new story for yourself. It's about becoming aware of your thoughts and feelings, listening to them, changing them, and creating them. In turn, you will begin your journey to cultivating a mindset of self-love and self-worth.

13 - Acceptance
Self value is about improving every aspect of your life. This segment is about learning that you are both the poison and the antidote. It is YOUR time to believe in yourself and take action to make your dreams a reality!

14 - Processing
When we don’t process, we become bitter, resentful, depressed, suppressed, and stuck in relationships that don't serve us, stuck in jobs and careers we hate, over-helping others get what they want, feeling unseen, less than, and not worthy. You will learn to process the things that are getting in your way. Sue will help you to understand how to see these things as a reflection and let them go with love!

15 - Boundaries
Embrace the power within you to make yourself a priority, to remember that you possess the same inherent rights as any other person on this earth. Honor your dreams, empower yourself with your inner authority to stand up for yourself and to set and demonstrate clear boundaries. You will learn how to first discover, and then communicate, your needs and boundaries in a healthy and effective way.

16 - Unfolding
It’s time to unfold what it is you truly want so you can create a life that is fulfilling and meaningful! To unfold means to lay it all out there, and determine what it truly is that you want out of life. Defining that for yourself is a crucial step towards achieving it.

17- Alignment
Alignment is KEY! You will learn to manage your emotions and reactions and to wake up in alignment with what you want every day! This is how you build self-confidence and clarity on your path forward.

18 - Daily Ritual
Create a daily ritual of self love! You will learn to focus on seeing yourself as more, capable, and deserving of all that you desire. Identify your true desires and set boundaries to protect and prioritize your values!


-- End Summaries of Self Value Power Talks --
