==== Start of Transcript: Prework 05 - Asking for More ====

Oh, welcome to week 5 homework. Oh, let me try that again. Welcome to video 5, which is asking for more more of what I want, more of what I love, and more of what I wanna create in my world. So I don't just wanna regurgitate everything I already said in this video. I want to make sure I'm breaking it down and telling you some good stories.

So the first question I asked you was, did mom and dad ask for anything? You know, one of the biggest sort of transitional stories in my life, and I've told it many times is finding out that my mom and dad had a business when they were 23 and that it because dad couldn't ask for money, and it made me realize that if you see your parents never asking for what they're worth, that that might make you you're not worth asking. It's in the same sense that if you see your parents, or your parents taught you that asking is not being humble. It is, sorry, asking is being humble and not to ask until it's offered, then, of course, you have this programming that you not ask for anything, so always good to check-in on your old programming, but we don't get stuck there, do we? Because that happened a really long time ago and all we're doing is looking back so that we know how to move forward.

So don't get stuck in the past. And if you feel you self getting stuck in the past, you're in a loop, so you can break that loop and get out of it. I asked you to come to a winners of how often you want to ask for something, but do not. And, you know, I think I'm a confident brave human being. There are many times in my day or week.

I could be with my husband, and I think I want to ask him to do something for me or touch me more or give me more connection, and I'm too scared to, but I'm thinking it in my head. The whole point is that you just come to a winners of how often you're not asking, and how often when you're setting a boundary or need to set a boundary or you're saying yes to something when you want to say no, you could ask for equal exchange, but you don't. So what's more important is that every single time you just become aware of what you're not asking for in your life, when you look at your survival budget, and now we're locking in our Thrive budget. What are we gonna ask for in all of the areas of our lives? It's there right there.

What do you want to ask for? If you want more, then you have to put it on the asking list. It is that simple. Check-in them any bitterness in your homework around asking, like I shouldn't have to ask. Yes, you do.

Especially to your partner. And, you know, it you just cannot go through life thinking everybody knows how to meet your needs That's not meeting your needs. So change that right now. So this is receiving or okay, this is really important because I wrote this as a big one. So doing the things you've always wanted and having the things you really want that is receiving.

So in order to get there, you have to ask for these things, and it's not always things. Sometimes it's time or support. But remember, we don't ask for love and respect. Being in a state of love with your partner, your children, with your family, with your business, with your physical body, with your friends, is being in a state of love for yourself. I want you to fall in love with yourself in every area of your life.

And in order to do that, you might just have to start asking for more if you want a deep dive asking for more, I read an amazing book this year by Kimmy Nick The Pill, And Kimmy wrote a book called The Gift of Asking. Kimmy is Nigerian. She lives in Australia, You spell her name k e m I, and Nick Vipil is nekvapilkemii. Hope I got that right. I've asked her to come on the podcast because she's an incredible author.

This book, deep dives asking it's asking in every way you could possibly ask what you need to ask for, how to ask ways to ask things you didn't even know you don't ask for. And if you really struggle with asking, I do recommend it. It's a wonderful book, and she is an amazing person to follow also on Instagram. So what am I going to ask for in every area of my life is your homework? And I want you to truly look into each area and say, What do I need to ask for here?

What am I not asking for in this area of my life? And what would I like to ask for here? Because that is the secret to you getting what you need. Alright? I've written a whole lot of prompts here.

You can ask for more time. You can ask time out. You can ask for more space, more support, more money, more help. You can ask for someone to pay you back. You can ask for someone to pay half, you can ask for grace, forgiveness, equal exchange, and everything you do, more communication in your relationships, more connection in your intimacy, more of your love language and more of the things you want, the experiences you want, and everything that you want to bring into your life, you're going to start asking.

Now I wrote, that when you start to ask, every time I asked for something, I understood or I was learning the importance of stepping up to what I was asking for in the equal exchange. So that doesn't mean just asking people to honor you equally when you get something. It's actually when you want something, what are you prepared to meet an equal exchange of value? Oh, so now I can have whatever I ask for provided I'm stepping up to meet what I'm asking for an equal exchange of value. Now it gets fun and interesting because it means whatever I ask for, I then have to step up in that value in order to receive it.

Make no mistake about it when you start to step up in that value, you will start receiving what you're asking for because then it's not just an I wish it's actually an I create. I wrote in your homework that a really great positive affirmation here is I communicate my needs respect, I meet my needs. We don't cry anymore about anybody else not meeting our needs. You're the one that has to meet your needs, you are the one that can meet your needs. Now you can start to ask for what it is you need and you're going to reciprocate that asking in full value.

I want you to understand that you demonstrate boundaries you demonstrate, you know, I even said in the in the main video that prayer is asking intention is asking speaking it into existence is asking, but it's more than just saying it and saying I want this to come to me. It's showing up to it every single day in equal exchange of value that will bring it to you. So I want you to journal what you're asking for I want you to journal what you're going to ask for in the equal exchange. I'm going I want you to journal how you're going to step up to receive this. What value do I need to bring to myself or the situation?

So I imagine when I ask people, if you see yourself next step next year, you've done this, you've started asking, you have everything you want in these areas. Who are you in a year that you're not right now? You're just someone that asked for more and step up to receive more. So when you think about yourself in 1 year's time and you think about all things that you would have to be have in body to be that person, what do you think you have to do in the next year to become this person? What value do you think you would have to step up to to actually achieve this?

You tell me because you've said it as a rule, I can't have this because but when you really break down the steps to it. When you really look at each step, you would have to take to be at full value doing this. I bet you, it's about prioritizing yourself and setting a time boundary, saying no to other people in finding your own path and your own fulfillment. So you have the ability to love yourself and ask yourself everything you need. That voice of fear question it, ask questions.

Is this true? What would really happen if I was rejected? That emotional response to those thoughts that's just crying and wailing, do you really feel this way? Even hearing or observing that thought jump into your head, I can't because is that true? Ask yourself How do I feel in this moment?

Ask yourself, when I've said this, said yes, instead of saying no, how do I feel right now? Ask yourself Do you believe this is true? Ask yourself. What is the worst thing that can happen? Ask yourself.

Do you believe this? Is this the way you want to talk to yourself moving forward? Is this the path forward now that you know better? Ask yourself. Ask, ask for help, ask for support, ask for more information, ask for clarity, your intuition, is so incredible.

When I started my business, I started to go to bed with a problem and I couldn't sleep. So then one day I learned to write the problem down, put it into the ether, I could pray, I could just like, bring it into my soul, and I would say I'm going to bed with this problem, but I will wake up with clarity. Please bring me clarity. In the morning, that moment right as you're waking when you get very practiced at doing this, I call it downloading. It feels like I'm downloading the answer.

It feels like all of my soul has sorted out the answer overnight and I get all of this clarity, I come to a wake, I log in to my intuition. That's what it feels like. I'm logging into my intuition browser. I'm finding my brain in spirit was rested overnight There was no ego voice of, you know, chirping. What about them?

How am I comparing myself to these people? I was simply getting clarity. My intuition just grew and grew and grew. And to this day, it is the first thing I do when there's something on my mind. I go to bed, I ask for clarity, Clarity is brought to me in the morning asking.

Asking is so powerful. When you get stuck in a loop, ask fear Ask ego, ask self doubt, those questions, ask the observer the person listening to those 3 squawk, and say, do you want to spend more time listening to these 3 clowns or do you want to step forward in a different kind of way? Ask, you're the one that is running this in higher system in your head, you're the one in the loop, you're the one that can ask, you're the one in charge of those thoughts, you can change them. So the synonyms for manifest, as I said, are confirmed to clear, demonstrate, and embody. Those are clarity.

And I know that confirming, declaring, demonstrating, and embodying are all things you are doing from the inside out. Yes. Somebody could confirm that you're good enough by giving you validation. Somebody could declare that you're good enough or declare your path forward and say, or declare to the world Look at this valuable person. Yes.

That's true. Somebody could demonstrate to you that your value that you're valued. They could show you that you're valued in the world. And again, you would get more validation but none of those things are brought to you to bring you the magic. They all come from you.

The confirmation is not evidence based, the confirmation is certainty and conviction. This is what I am in alignment with, and this is what I love. You're confirming it. It's certain there is conviction, there is clarity there, right? And then the next one is I declare it I ask god, I ask the universe, I declare it to my friends, my family, my social circles, my people, I put it out there, I declare it as a goal.

I declare it with certainty and conviction. I declare it because when I declare it, I have connection. I feel connected to this. I feel certain. I feel clarity.

I feel connection. The next thing that comes up is commitment. Commitment to the south, and what is a better declaration to commitment to the south honoring the south then declaring it, declaring your commitment to yourself. That comes from inside you, demonstrating it is your actions. Demonstrating it is what you do every day, demonstrating it is how you speak about it.

Demonstrating it is the verb of doing it. Not talking about it, not wishing, not writing lists, not hoping, not trying to reinvent the will, it's you, absolutely doing it every day demonstrating it. Embody is how you feel inside. You're going to embody this. You're going to embody joy.

You're going to embody the connection, the success. You're going to embody the value, which means you're going to bring it into you. So it fills your soul, and then it comes up and it spills out of you. And again, now we are giving not receiving. All validation is receiving.

All validation is you looking out for evidence that you're good enough. We don't need validation. You don't need validation and you don't need permission. You only need connection and you only need what you wanna do how you wanna do it. So I know when you get to a point of manifesting, there is so much clarity you can confirm it.

You can declare it. You can demonstrate it, and you can embody it. And that is the way forward. So find what you are most in love with. Ask for more in all of those areas of your life.

Start asking now, start stepping up to receive more. That's how you become more valuable. And I want you to look at your homework and say, the synonyms for manifest are confirmed, declared, demonstrate, antibody. This is clarity. Okay?

All I'm looking for is clarity in order to be able to move forward, clarity that is infused with connection. So this is why we're just sitting down going, what do you want? What are you asking for? Why are you asking for it? And why do you want it?

What are you asking for and get really brave about starting to ask you can reach out to me and tag me in the group if you need to ask any questions. That's where I can answer them. Have a wonderful week with your homework. And enjoy writing down all the brave things that you're gonna do. I just wanna say I was on a podcast this week, being interviewed on another podcast, and somebody asked me, what would be the advice that I'd give people for confidence on their path?

And, you know, I said, be bold. I always think of courage and kindness, Cinderella. Because courage and kindness are two energies, when you walk into a room with courage and kindness, you are some kind of magic energy. For anybody because courage and kindness are the two things that take a lot of self love and self power in order to be able to infuse authentically, but to be bold enough, to be bold enough to ask, to be bold enough to say, I would like you to give me more. And to be bold enough to say this is what I want, and to be bold enough to declare it and confirm it and demonstrate it.

Be bold. You're allowed to ask for more. You're worthy of asking for more. What are you gonna start asking for? And, hey, Be careful because sometimes what you ask for, you get it.

So be careful what you're asking for, and you are always enough to ask for more.


==== End of Transcript: Prework 05 - Asking for More ====
