==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 1 Coaching ====

[00:00:00] Sue Bryce |  Hi, everyone. How you doing out there? Welcome to content curator week 1. I'm so excited to talk to you about this first video This 1st week is about personal brand, identity, clarity, and your brand story. And I know that you've been through the video, you've been through the homework.

[00:00:20] Sue Bryce |  And in the homework, there was just a whole lot of clarity around who you are and what you do, Why has she spent so much time talking about identity? Because what it comes down to is most of you already have a noun assigned to you and your business. Maybe it's photographer. Maybe it's artist. Maybe it's designer.

[00:00:43] Sue Bryce |  Maybe it's healer. Maybe it's masseuse. And that noun is incredible. You fought for it. You probably felt like an impasse and posted just to get to it.

[00:00:55] Sue Bryce |  I did. I took years to call myself a photographer, even when I was a professional photographer, but that noun is not stopping you from moving forward now. Okay? That means it's just part of what you've earned as a title, and you can add to that title, develop that title, and change that title whenever you want. Why is that so difficult?

[00:01:18] Sue Bryce |  I don't know. I set ads for content curator, and a woman wrote on one of the ads a month ago, I thought Subrise was a photographer, face. What is she now a motivational speaker? And I love because I've been teaching for 14 years, and I built an education platform, and I sold the education platform. So don't know what that perception is, but because my identity is not just a photographer, I didn't see that comment as being offensive or insulting, but you guys do.

[00:01:56] Sue Bryce |  There's something about when you first go to call yourself something, and you say it where you like can't quite do it with confidence or ownership, and this video was all about you really deciding who you are, deciding what you do, how you do it, and what you want as a content curator, and how you want to star in your and what you're becoming next. Somebody just wrote in the questions. I don't understand what you say when you're saying if you're doing it, then you're absolutely being it. So when I say the verbs of doing and being, in order to be something, you have to do something. A lot of people just want to be something, and they talk about it, but they don't do the work to become this thing.

[00:02:46] Sue Bryce |  Right now, they just kinda get stuck on the I want to be that, but I don't feel like I'm that. So when I say the verbs of doing, and being, I just say, what are you doing? What are you doing right now? What do you want to do every day? Because as soon as you start actually taking action and doing it, then you 100% of the time are being that thing, and that's what I want you to do.

[00:03:12] Sue Bryce |  I want you to embody So this week was about you deciding what you want your personal brand to become. Your personal brand is your face value. But you do that with authenticity. So it's really just the face value that you put out to the world. This is who I am, This is what I do, this is who I do it for, and this is why I do it.

[00:03:35] Sue Bryce |  It's that simple. It's just your, maybe identity, your brand identity. It's your It's your brand story. It's how you visually look. It's your style, but all of that is just face value.

[00:03:48] Sue Bryce |  A lot of people might find your Instagram or your website before they meet you in person. So they've already decided at face value, what you look like by how you're communicating that brand to them. Now when you decide to be something, I'm going to be a florist. I'm going to be a masseuse I'm gonna be a photographer. Whatever you decide to be, you work towards that title, that noun, and then you get stuck there.

[00:04:15] Sue Bryce |  But the truth is is you can make that personal brand whatever you want, and you can make the noun that you have now become just one of the things you do, that's why I say the 3 by 3 is important. Did anybody have a problem writing their 3 by 3. Is everybody writing it, but changing it all the time? Are you writing it and then going to say it and it doesn't feel right, so you go back to reinvent the wheel. And yet that 3 by 3 is the most amount of clarity and power that you can possibly communicate in under 30 seconds about yourself, your business, and your brand.

[00:04:54] Sue Bryce |  And it's really incredible to me that if it's not about identity and confidence, then why do we have so much problem becoming something? And why do we have so much problem being the most authentic self that we are in our brand. And to me, that's all that is. It's about you deciding who your most authentic self is and then building a personal brand around it. My name is Sue Bryce.

[00:05:25] Sue Bryce |  I'm a photographer. I'm a speaker and an educator. I create online workshops for solo preneurs and my super power is connecting people to their self value and their true path, because most people know what they want, but don't walk towards it. That's my 3 by 3. I got goosebumps.

[00:05:47] Sue Bryce |  I believe it. Authenticity is when you say something, and you believe it. So it's real for you, and so that means step 1 is owning your most authentic self in your brand. Gone are the days of having a brand that you think everybody likes people don't follow brands. They follow people, and you don't follow people who are not authentic, do you?

[00:06:19] Sue Bryce |  You follow people that you can feel their truth, and you can feel it because it may be true for you. That's why we follow brands. Now I've been teaching photographers for 14 years. And the one thing that I've been teaching photographers over and over again is how to be themselves, but within my business model. Because I'm an example of a personal brand, but then what happens is you might see my personal brand and think that's the path forward.

[00:06:52] Sue Bryce |  And I'm I have always tried to stand on stage with all of my students and say, I choose to do something a certain way, and I wanna educate people to just make the right choices in whatever direction they want to go in. But sometimes you can look at my path and hold to my path and think that's the path forward and it's not, the right path for you is going to unfold very differently, okay? And I think that that is really, really important So the word authenticity, I was just reading this study, and I lost it. I can't find it. I searched for it last night, but I know I'm gonna find it, and I'll tag you in the group.

[00:07:32] Sue Bryce |  But in this study, they tested all of the emotions coming out of people, and there's one emotion that scores off the charts. It's not hate it's not anger, and it's not love, it's authenticity. And I was like, what authenticity scores higher than any emotion in the human body, authenticity is the state of something being legitimate or true and true means factual and accurate and authentic means actual and real. Authenticity is the quality of being genuine and real. It's when you speak the truth and believe it.

[00:08:11] Sue Bryce |  It's when you speak your truth. It's when you live your truth, right? Authentically. So that means it's like, I know what I want inside, and I know who I am, even if others stifle it, And the one thing that I can hold to is when I know who I am and what I want, I'm not only in my authentic power. You can't tell me who I am and what I want because I already know it's so powerful to stand in your authenticity.

[00:08:47] Sue Bryce |  And you know what? I was I was saying to the girls the other day, I went to post a photo of myself. I grab my camera, I take a photo, I'm like, Oh, I look old, I criticize myself, I go to bed alight, I take another photo, I go Oh my mouth looks funny. Oh my hair looks funny and I keep correcting something. I take like 33 photographs.

[00:09:08] Sue Bryce |  I don't like one photograph. I'm like, giving myself this hard time. And I'm like, Sue, just take a photo and or post an old one, like, look for one that Jason took maybe kind of thing. And then all of a sudden I stop, press record, say what I have to say in 33 seconds, post it and get 29,000 views on a reel. And when I watched the video, because I was genuinely making eye contact and smiling, not worried about my eye, my lip, my smile, my shadow, my age, my chin.

[00:09:41] Sue Bryce |  I wasn't worried about anything. I I felt really authentic in this video, and it instantly translated as authenticity in my real because I'm being real in my real, And it took away the judgment of seeing myself in a still photograph, and it made me realize all of these content curators, especially women, especially as old as me and older, they think they don't have a face to be on Instagram. They don't have like a voice that's powerful or who wants to follow a fifty two year old talking on a video, lots of people, because when you're being your beautiful, powerful, authentic self, I wanna attract more fifty year old women, more sixty year old women, more seven tier old woman. I wanna attract more men because I teach business and content curation. I teach men and women.

[00:10:35] Sue Bryce |  I don't discriminate against people that don't have vaginas. I know you're just as clever, and I like guys coming into my thing, but it doesn't matter to me because I don't care about getting a younger audience, or I don't care about getting a certain type of audience. I will attract more of me because people will see me and go, she's like me. Didn't didn't you pick me for that reason? There's something about me that's like you, right?

[00:11:03] Sue Bryce |  And that means if I'm brave enough to do it, you can be brave enough to do it too, and it was easier to make an authentic real than it was to try and pick a selfie photograph who wants to spend half an hour taking 33 selfies to not like any of them when I spoke an authentic message in 33 seconds and got my message out to 29,000 people. It was just so easy to just own it. And you know what? Gone are the days of the, I used to do my sales videos, like this whole setup. They would set it all up.

[00:11:39] Sue Bryce |  I'd come in standing. It's called a talking head because it's only one camera angle, and it's right here. And it's like, hi, everybody. My name is Sue Bryce. Welcome to my latest workshop.

[00:11:50] Sue Bryce |  Right? And that's back before we were talking real and it was all set up like that. That doesn't fly anymore. People wanted to speak to you, they want the real you. This is 2024 personal brands are accessible.

[00:12:03] Sue Bryce |  If you wanna talk to surprise, you just write a comment on my Instagram. I am right here, and you can see me. That is a Ford facing brand. Now as I said in my homework, I spent the first flight, how many years trying not to call my business, Sue Bryce, because I just tried to call it anything but my name, because I couldn't own my power and I couldn't own my name, this is my personal brand. Now If people think, well, you're a photographer, it's like, yeah, I've actually made more money, as an online educator and a content curator than I have as photography, but I still see myself as all of those things, so I want you to own all of those things.

[00:12:44] Sue Bryce |  And if you feel like you're to stepping into the word, if you feel like you're just dipping a toe in, you know it's who you are, but you don't feel quite comfortable saying it yet. Don't say it yet. If you don't feel comfortable saying, like, I'm an author. Are you published? Nope.

[00:13:02] Sue Bryce |  Then you're a writer. That's okay. Find another way to say what you do, but if you say I'm an author and people go, cool. Where's your book? And you go, well, actually, I haven't published it yet, but I'm a writer.

[00:13:15] Sue Bryce |  But what's wrong with saying I'm a writer? Find a way to say what you are so that you can own who you are. I'm done with wondering if I'm strong enough, confident enough, good enough to have a business. If you can create for people and serve in equal exchange, you are good enough. If you're good enough to serve then you are good enough to be in business.

[00:13:38] Sue Bryce |  If you are good enough to serve and create for people, you are good enough for equal exchange. It's time that you stood up, grounded your feet, took a big breath in, and said, this is the first time I will build a personal brand and my full authentic power. And stick your rolls. Okay? All these rules about you can't do this.

[00:14:04] Sue Bryce |  You can't do that. Oh, you wanna be a speaker now. It's like, yeah. I do. Do you know why somebody said that to me after I went to my first show?

[00:14:13] Sue Bryce |  And I said, I wanna do that. And they go, oh, you wanna be a speaker now? And I said, yes. I do because I've just been to 33 talks and didn't write a single note, and I have stuff to say, and I have a cool story, and I have an amazing business model. So yes, I do wanna be a speaker, and I'm going to own that.

[00:14:37] Sue Bryce |  And I said that loud and proud in 2010, There's a lot of people that are like, cool. I never wanna speak on stage, and that's cool. Maybe you don't, but maybe secretly, you really do, or you wouldn't be criticizing me for wanting to do so. People only speak their limits to you. So I want you to find an identity now today this week with this video that is so authentically you, it's gonna make you feel a little awkward and uncomfortable saying it out loud to yourself, but you're only saying it to yourself first, and you cannot change and learn and grow until you can say it to others with authenticity with your truth spoken.

[00:15:27] Sue Bryce |  So the future is storytellers We are the future, the ability to take video and rich photography and communicate an authentic brand message is the future. Our marketing is online, it's on reels, and it's moving, you get 90 seconds to 10 minutes to change people's world with content that is interesting. And let's just look at a couple. I did a marketing class a few years back where I pulled the steps of marketing videos and what makes them really incredible. And there were there were, common denominators, for instance, the thumbnail on a viral video has one of two things, a beautiful woman, or a woman laughing.

[00:16:20] Sue Bryce |  Right? That's a fact. So then I go to a brand on Instagram, and I open the reels and I show my husband yesterday, and I go, look at the numbers on their reels. Average watch was 20 to 40,000. Okay.

[00:16:41] Sue Bryce |  But whenever the thumbnail or on the reel, that's quite big real estate, was a pretty woman or a smiling woman had twice the amount of views. That's clickbait. We're clickbait. That means in order to count as a view, you have to watch for 3 full seconds. If you're putting something clickbaity in the first three seconds, people will stay even if they just stayed for the 3 second counter.

[00:17:18] Sue Bryce |  So I started, whenever I made it real, I started just putting a smiling face of me on the cover. And if there's something click beady in the first three seconds of your reel, your views will quadruform. It's just a fact. Now the future is storytellers because we used to, under the marketing umbrella, we have sales, networking. We have public relations.

[00:17:46] Sue Bryce |  We have publicity. We have advertising and sales. All of these exist under the umbrella that is marketing. And for companies, these used to be separate agencies. And now they're all us doing all of those things, all on our own, all on social media, including creating the content for those marketing reels.

[00:18:09] Sue Bryce |  And it's so overwhelming, and what you actually have to do is bring it back to the most simple authenticity. The same message coming from the same authentic place every single time you talk, and it won't take long for your people to find you. Let me have a look at some questions, and I specifically wanna talk about identity. I absolutely, I absolutely want to know if, people are struggling to name themselves, if they're struggling with this idea of becoming more, and if they are, struggling to write their 3 by 3. I loved this and the homework, and I just got all of those downloads, and I was just reading through what people were most excited to create.

[00:19:04] Sue Bryce |  I absolutely like this. What kind of con con content curator do you want to be? And when I wrote that, when I wrote what kind of content curated do you want to be? The one thing that really blew me away about that was that I realized when I wrote all of these words that they have such different meanings to them. And I really felt like it made people start to think outside the box of just being the one thing that they are right now.

[00:19:35] Sue Bryce |  If there's any questions, you can asked me, or I will keep going. I specifically loved, that what I found with a lot of people is the 3 by threes that I was already reading was they found that people were describing themselves. 2 of the words were almost exactly the same, and they don't need you to give yourself 3 descriptive words. You can you can have 1, you can have 2, you can have up to 3, and I should have probably made that clear. It's okay just to have 2 words if you want to, and also don't repeat anything in the next line that's one of those three words.

[00:20:22] Sue Bryce |  Because the beautiful opportunity of that is I thought a bit like this. This is a really good example. I'm a photographer, I'm a speaker, and I'm an educator. Why do I define those as being different? Because I am want I have a speaking agent and I want to be on the world stage big talks.

[00:20:41] Sue Bryce |  So that's why I said speaker, but if it just educator, I wouldn't have put speaker because an educator is a speaker and I didn't need both. Now I also want to save the most powerful words for the next line And I noticed a lot of people were doing power nouns to describe themselves, but then the second line just sound like a generic tagline. This is your opportunity to use a very small amount of text to write the most powerful succinct word for word describes everything you are and everything that you do is to write it down with that kind of clarity And it's not that you can even write it. It's the fact that you've got to say it. It's when you say it to people, that it doesn't sound true.

[00:21:39] Sue Bryce |  And that's the part that I need you to own on that 3 by 3, because until you own this, nobody else is gonna believe it. So really own it because it's so powerful. Alright. I love all those curated words. Einstein said if it's not clear, you haven't you don't know it well enough.

[00:22:03] Sue Bryce |  And so if you can't explain it simply, you haven't mastered it yet. And that's something that I think is incredible because so many people that I coach in business take 2 or 3 years to break through to networking. They take 2 or 3 years to even find their power to walk into a roomful of people and say who they are and what they do. And people will turn themselves inside out doing it. They'll do just about every step online to market their business, but make face to face because they're too scared to because that's the moment they have to go and speak out that identity that you've just practiced.

[00:22:44] Sue Bryce |  So if you think that that is a lame exercise, try it, and it's just absolutely mind blowing. Alright. You can interrupt me whenever you want with questions, Melissa. I'm good.

[00:22:57] Melissa (Chat Host) |  Okay. What I'm noticing a bit is we talk a lot about being it and doing it. And many of us are doing too many things. And so narrowing it down to 3 is a challenge for so many people. How do you suggest they narrow that down and knowing the difference between what they do?

[00:23:13] Melissa (Chat Host) |  And

[00:23:14] Sue Bryce |  Yes. So I'm a podcaster, 2 active podcasts, but I don't do that or say that. I don't like doing it. I do it because it's part of my business. I broadcast, but I haven't written broadcaster because speaker, educator, and photographers more important.

[00:23:29] Sue Bryce |  So it was prioritized it. I prioritized my top ones, but more importantly, I didn't really need to put speaker when I put educator it meant the same thing. So really what I I decided it was the one I'm gonna sell the most. What's the one that you're trying to sell the most? That's the most important one.

[00:23:52] Sue Bryce |  So whatever it is, try and sell that. Because I feel like ultimately if you can sell the one thing that the most important thing that you are, and solo preneurs do everything. You do a little bit of everything. I'm a graphic designer. For sure, I'm a hairstylist.

[00:24:12] Sue Bryce |  I cut hair I'm a makeup artist, you know, but I don't call myself those things. I can do all of those things but what is the one thing you wanna sell? What's the one thing you prioritize? What's the one thing you wanna be known for? And what's the one thing that you struggle to say out loud.

[00:24:31] Sue Bryce |  That's what I wanna know because that'll be the thing. I think that makes people go like,

[00:24:37] Melissa (Chat Host) |  Could you elaborate a little bit on how do you differentiate between what your skills are and what your super powers are?

[00:24:45] Sue Bryce |  Yes. Well, kind of the same thing.

[00:24:47] Melissa (Chat Host) |  Okay.

[00:24:47] Sue Bryce |  Here's the difference. Podcasting is a skill that I have, but I don't enjoy it, so it's not a superpower. Photoshop is a skill I have, but it's not something I enjoy, so it's not my superpower. It was. Not anymore.

[00:25:07] Sue Bryce |  You know, it's the joy. It's the the absence of joy is usually task oriented. And I can I can find joy in mundane tasks because they have to, and that's not a problem, but I'm talking about when you lose time doing it? It's what you want to be known for, and, yeah, solopreneurs have massive skills. But, you know, at the end of the day, I'm just like, it's not what I'm selling, and it's not what I want to be known for.

[00:25:38] Sue Bryce |  And I think that that's really, really important. I'm just gonna read, no, I'm not gonna read questions. Anybody in here have a question to ask for a mic. Otherwise, I'm gonna keep talking. This identity that you are becoming, you know, I talk about this as one of the most important things is the actual doing of it.

[00:26:04] Sue Bryce |  This is where a lot of questions are coming in when I say, what are you doing? With a superpower, sometimes it's quite hard to identify what your superpower is until somebody tells you. And often your clients, when you first start meeting clients, they'll tell you it'll be in your feedback. You just won't know it. They might say something like, you were very good at doing this, or you made me think this, or I felt this, and and it's like, listen because they're telling you you're very good at holding space, you know, my superpower is something I want to do every day.

[00:26:44] Sue Bryce |  I really want to do every day. That is my superpower because it's the fact that I am just consume by it, and that I want it, and that I'm just connected to it, and it's something I want to do all of the time. So I want to talk to people about what their next step is. I would ask a waiter What are you doing in your life right now? What's your next step in life?

[00:27:17] Sue Bryce |  I do. And they'll stop and go, I'm a student. I'm studying this, and I'm doing this, and I'm gonna do this. And now I wanna do this, and I'm like, sweet. I have always done that.

[00:27:29] Sue Bryce |  I want to know what excites you and what lights you up and what what's your special interest. Like that to me is one of the first things I'll ask somebody, and I wouldn't hesitate to ask a way to that one thing. I feel like everybody is becoming. So to me, it's like everybody is doing something. And if they're not doing something, they're stark, and if they're stuck, I want to talk about that.

[00:27:56] Sue Bryce |  Now that's just natural. That's not even, that's I've always been like that. It's just what I do. Is hold space for people in that way so that I can, like, connect them to, like, oh, because shouldn't you be doing what lights you up the most? And shouldn't you be doing what connects you the most?

[00:28:17] Sue Bryce |  And I think that that is really, really important. Okay. I can see lots of questions, so Old people are writing their 3 by threes. Mhmm. Excellent.

[00:28:28] Sue Bryce |  You know what? I want to challenge all of you when you write your 3 by 3, not to make it sound like an advert. Okay? Not to make it sound generic. Especially that last line.

[00:28:42] Sue Bryce |  Find a way to personally say everything you say and make it unique and really interesting. Clarity, nice and clear, super powerful, maybe a little quirky. Maybe a little fun, maybe really bold, but like, find the way that you say it with the most truth. Because I think that that is really, really important. What I wrote here is think about the verbs you just explored This is not about how you look.

[00:29:15] Sue Bryce |  This is not your face value. This is how you show up every single day. So I always say, how do you wanna star in your brand? That's a really good way of saying it. How do you want to be the star in your brand?

[00:29:27] Sue Bryce |  And how do you want to connect with people and what are you actually doing when you're doing that? Once you define that with clarity, you're going to see that you're worth you're a lot more valuable than you thought you were worth. Alright? Who's having a problem naming the baby? Did you see how important it was to name the baby?

[00:29:49] Sue Bryce |  You can't write a 3 by 3 until you name the baby. You can't go to networking until you name the baby. You can't go to a networking event until you can see your 3 by 3 with so much authenticity does the brand you have right now support that 3 by 3? What would you have to shift to do it? Don't tell me you have to change your brand I don't believe you.

[00:30:14] Sue Bryce |  You don't need to reinvent your brand. You need to change some wording, and you need to change your self belief Oh, let's play that one again. You need to shift the wording of what you're doing so that you can shift the energy outwardly and you need to shift the wording that you're saying inside of you to yourself. Remember, as we change, identity, changing identities is difficult because it means change, and identity is very important to us, but if you don't shift this identity, you're going to get stuck in it, and you will not grow And if there's somebody in your life right now that is trying to, make you feel bad about this new way of speaking or this new identity or this new confidence of you saying it, if somebody is trying to make you feel bad about it, Work out what that is because no one makes you feel bad unless you believe it's true. So if you're afraid of something and you're putting this new identity out there, what you're most afraid of is gonna happen to you.

[00:31:28] Sue Bryce |  Because it's what you're most afraid of, and we attract what we focus on. And when we focus on fear, we get what we're most afraid of, that is the law of a traction, it works in the good and the bad. So, you know, we fear criticism, we fear judgment, mostly we fear So that's why I wanted to make week 1 all about identity. You can't become this new thing until you start doing this new thing, you can't be this new thing until you start doing it, saying it, being it, showing up to it, and you can't show up to it every day. Unless you're absolutely in love with it because there's no such thing as manifesting is not wishes, it's embodiment, It's a declaration.

[00:32:14] Sue Bryce |  It's being the thing that you want. It's that simple, become this thing inside you say it, speak it, own it, do it, shine forward doing it, and then you keep finding confidence becoming it. But until you name that baby, you can't create a personal brand until you name the workshop, the book, the podcast, the chapters, the template, the business, the audio files, you've got nothing to sell until you can put some clarity around it, and that starts with simply naming it. So to me, this 3 by 3, it's not about going to a networking event. And standing up and saying, oh my gosh.

[00:33:07] Sue Bryce |  This is my 3 b 3 by 3. My name is Sue Bryce, and I'm a photographer and Educate it. No, it's about me believing it. I want you to do the 3 by 3 so you can believe it. Dawn, I can see the chat And somebody just asked if I can see the chat, and I'm like, I can definitely see the chat.

[00:33:25] Sue Bryce |  But okay, so there's more questions there that people are obviously saying, I need to answer some questions. So tell me what they are.

[00:33:32] Melissa (Chat Host) |  There's a lot of conversation about that process of becoming. And doing it and being it, but not quite becoming it yet. So it's that in between kind of awkward stage.

[00:33:45] Sue Bryce |  Do you know what that is? When you're just doing it, but you're not quite being it there. You're still looking outwards at how everybody's responding to you instead of giving the thing you meant to be giving. Because if I'm focused on what you think of me giving this thing, then I'm gonna be like, I'm not quite the thing I say I am. And instead of doing it and going, this is the thing.

[00:34:07] Sue Bryce |  And then people going, you are this thing, and you're like, I know. Right? Truly, where that dumb is human beings that would be like, what will people say? What will people do? Well, I don't know.

[00:34:21] Sue Bryce |  What are you giving them? Oh, what am I giving them? Well, yeah, you're in business. Clearly, you're giving something. You're not receiving, but when you're worried, you're thinking of the receiving of it.

[00:34:33] Sue Bryce |  And that's not that's superficial. It's worrying about your outer value instead of what you're doing and giving and being and doing that comparison, and that's not service. Yeah.

[00:34:47] Melissa (Chat Host) |  I think a good place to have some clarity here too might be what are we doing it for and who are we doing it for? Can you help elaborate or help us work through that? What what we're doing and why we're doing it

[00:34:59] Sue Bryce |  because your brand story is your why, but your why is not your trauma. Your why is your why embodies your journey, and your ability to stand up and say, that, like alright. This is how I explain it to people. When I ask people what their brand story is, and that's what we're about to talk about because week 1 is about finding your brand story. My brand story was about not having the education.

[00:35:37] Sue Bryce |  And my brand story was leaving school when I was fifteen, and how was they ever going to make it in a career? And my brand story was mastery, that I overcame my lack of education by mastering my craft, and that mastery is one of the most powerful things. And then against those odds, I built a business and I mastered that business. That is my brand story. None of that is trauma.

[00:36:09] Sue Bryce |  There's so much trauma in there, but that's not the story. So people often think when they go, what's your brand story? They stand up and they want to say all their trauma, like, I didn't get an education. And there might have been a time where I did do that and say that but the truth is is that's not my brand story. The brand story is not what I went through.

[00:36:33] Sue Bryce |  My brand story is how I got out of it. So don't get caught up in the brand story because you're a brand and you need to know that a brand, people don't follow a brand, they follow people. So the more authentic you are as a person in that brand the more people are going to want to follow you, it's really that simple, and it's really, really important that you you know, connect that way because it's I don't want people to think a brand story as this sad story, or, no, Your brand story could be how did you build this against this odds? How did you become this? How did you master this?

[00:37:17] Sue Bryce |  How did you learn this? The brand story is how I got out of it. So don't get stuck in the story because so many people in order to think that they're good enough to stand up stage wanna stand up and talk about their trauma, and the people in the audience don't wanna talk about their trauma. And the people in the audience want to talk about the light at the at the end of the tunnel that you're lighting up for them to get them out of here, and it doesn't matter whether you're instructing craft. Or speaking to business owners or networking with other businesses, you are there on stage to not impress people, you are there to give speaking content is no different than designing something or making a dress for someone, or making a product for someone, or taking a photo of them, it's no different.

[00:38:07] Sue Bryce |  Speaking is content. And all businesses operate on service and giving service. Now if you look at it like that, then everything that you do on stage is about giving. So what do I always say about speaking on stage in week 2 is a really good speaker. I've got a really good speaker, Matt, for you next week.

[00:38:28] Sue Bryce |  But I always say if you're going to speak on stage, you have to be see through because you're transparent on stage. You truly are just transparent up here. And I feel like, I just yeah. I want people to to know that when you create your brand story, it's no different than creating a talk. When I'm talking to business owners, whether it's ten people or 10,000, I always think to myself, it's about me.

[00:39:08] Sue Bryce |  But it's for them, but it's about me, but it's not about me. It's about them. It's about me, but it's about what I can do for them. It's my story, but it's about you because I'm telling you how I did it in I'm doing it in alignment to how you're walking your story, but it's about you. It's not about me.

[00:39:39] Sue Bryce |  It's all about me up here, but it's not about me. It's all about what I can do for you isn't that what all businesses are? If you're a photographer on Instagram, it's not about my work, It's about you seeing yourself and my brand. It's about you seeing yourself and my experience. It's about you seeing yourself and my skill It's about you seeing yourself and you attracted to my energy.

[00:40:09] Sue Bryce |  It's not about me. It's about you. Because you're the one paying. The client is the one getting something. You don't give anything unless it's equal exchange.

[00:40:24] Sue Bryce |  So when you get up on stage, when I watched 33 talks that year and didn't write a single note I knew one thing. All I had to do was get up there next year if I can get up there next year, if I can just get on that stage. So I found the guy that organized all the speakers, and then I married him. And then But first, I got up on that stage, and I got up on that stage, and I gave everything I could. I'm just talking meat and veg with a big serving of mashed taters with butter and and I just gave it and I gave it and I never stopped doing that.

[00:41:05] Sue Bryce |  And people would sit in my class and they wouldn't be looking at me because they were writing so fast, and they were writing, and they would watch the screen, and they'd write more, and they'd look at me, and they'd nod and they'd cry because I'm making it about me, but I'm making it about you. And then I would watch hundreds of instructors get up on creative live and say, I'm not gonna give everything away because then it will be gone, and I'd be like, okay, but you know, that's not how this works. When you're on stage, people can tell when you're not being honest or you're not being truthful or you're not answering questions properly or you're holding back, or you're not giving people the information that they've paid to watch and see, and they would go, no, but I want people to buy my workshop and I go, well, lots of people buy my workshops. And I give away everything on that broadcast, and I and they'd go, no. No.

[00:42:01] Sue Bryce |  And that's one of the biggest things for speakers that I would say is that they try and hoard their content. It's not your content. It comes through you anyway. The more you give, the more you get. That is a fact, but more importantly, if you're not giving while you're on stage, then you got up on stage to be looked at, and that is the wrong reason to get on stage because you'll never get invited back.

[00:42:26] Sue Bryce |  Now I got the highest speaker rating at WPPI in 73 years. I got the highest speaking rating at PPA in 74 years. I never sold from the stage, not once. In fact, at PPA, when I got the highest speaker reading in 74 years, I had a sales slide. They said last slide can be a sales slide.

[00:42:46] Sue Bryce |  They cut you off at 90 minutes, and I didn't have my last slide so I never got to sell it the last slide, but I got the highest rating because they didn't even show the last slide, didn't have to. But because if I get up there and give more information in 90 minutes than any other of the 70 speakers at this event, who are you gonna follow? Who are you gonna follow home? Who do you wanna talk to afterwards? So yeah.

[00:43:12] Sue Bryce |  It's about you. But it's not about you. And when you walk into a networking event, it's about you It's not about you. And if you can get that balance, then you'll get where I am. See, I've never been afraid of giving information out, not as an educator, not as a speaker, I've never been afraid because I walked this walk, I did it.

[00:43:41] Sue Bryce |  If you can become me in 1 in 1 month you were well on your way to being there. You know, people don't just take from you and then take it away and then go and become something extraordinary. They're already extraordinary, and they're already walking their own path. And all you're doing is illuminating the path for people you know, you're not that special. Keep it real.

[00:44:05] Sue Bryce |  And if you understand that when people, you know, because people will tell you you're special and it's like, oh, you. That's really nice, but then someone will go, you're not that special, and you'll be like, I know. Not only do I know that When people say you're not that special, I'm like, bitch, please. And I still got up here. Don't you think that's awesome?

[00:44:28] Sue Bryce |  Also, look at it like this, you know, I and I just did this. A a photographer in my network just did a first live shoot. Live shooting is different than talking. Because talking, no, actually photographers probably think it's easier to shoot than it is to stand up and do a keynote, but it's not life shooting is one of the weirdest things. It's like, you sweat, you're just out of this world, crazy, nervous, weirdness, and the model goes stiff and nothing works and everything is just so weird and she was telling me about this live shoot and how she felt really uncomfortable afterwards and I was like, you know, 80% of the people watching that broadcast want to be you, they're like, I want to be her, I want to do what she's doing, want to be her, I want to be that person, and I was like, can you just empowered all of them?

[00:45:19] Sue Bryce |  And I said, in 20% of the people came to this broadcast think that they're better than you, and then they watched you and got confirmation that they are, in fact, better than you, and you empowered them too, because you gave them confirmation that they are awesome. So you just empowered 100% of the people in the room. And why do you care if they liked you or not? Because I am human and I care. That's not what you're standing up there for.

[00:45:54] Sue Bryce |  And if you get that sorted, then you say I'm not here to make people like me. Right? I say things to myself all the time. I give myself. I set intentions.

[00:46:08] Sue Bryce |  One of the things I do say is, you know, like, power words this morning, I woke up, and I thought, I need a power word for today. And I was like, I'm an ass kicker. That's my power word for today. Alright. Let's, more questions.

[00:46:23] Sue Bryce |  More questions.

[00:46:24] Melissa (Chat Host) |  Let's talk a little bit about show don't tell. And there's a lot of questions about communicating our brand story, narrowing down what that brand story is, and then really how do we project that or tell story in a meaningful way?

[00:46:36] Sue Bryce |  Oh, yes. That's the difference between doing it and talking about it. So show don't tell is, is this. When I don't go out and go, hi guys, I've got a new workshop, Alright? Because then you're just selling straight away it sounds or feels more like selling.

[00:46:58] Sue Bryce |  But one of the most important things to me is, like, communicating what I'm doing and showing what I'm doing without saying this one thing So I always say to curators, stop saying coming soon. Nobody cares. Showing that's not showing, that's talking about something that's coming. And if you were really engrossed in the creation of the thing, you would just show you doing it, doing the making of it. Today, I'm broadcasting.

[00:47:33] Sue Bryce |  Today, I'm filming. Today, I'm and you would sharing around it. So I always say it's like marketing on the periphery. You're trying to find ways to bring tension and spotlight something in one area that you're doing without saying, I've got a new workshop coming 13 likes no one cares. It's it's that to people is not engagement.

[00:48:01] Sue Bryce |  And when you look at numbers on people's stuff, you look at it and you go, not engagement. So the difference of show don't tell is show you doing it not you talking about it. When I open an Instagram feed, I wanna hear content curated launches today, or I wanna see, I'm giving away this teleprompter to build my list. If you wanna join and know more about this workshop, you could win this. Give me your email.

[00:48:34] Sue Bryce |  It was that clear. Okay? That's asking for something, not selling something. And when I asked for your email, I was offering somebody's gonna win this. And the cool part about that is you get emails now I'm going to email everybody on that list.

[00:48:50] Sue Bryce |  Some have already purchased. Some are on the fence. Some just wanted the free teleprompter. I'm sure. But the truth is is now I've built that list.

[00:48:59] Sue Bryce |  Boy, I'm gonna hit you with list building week 5 because once you've got some products to sell, I'm gonna power up your list building email funnel lead generation and sales so that you can move these new products. But first, we have to come back to show don't tell. So I would rather open it and see engagement that it's already happening then make it sound like this, I follow this amazing influencer. I won't say who they are, and they're really incredible. They've only got like 50,000 followers, but they're about to have a whole lot more, and she obviously has found an online class.

[00:49:39] Sue Bryce |  And I open her Instagram, and there's just this weird photo of her sitting like this to the side of a production room at this, and it's like, I'm so excited. I've just filmed a new workshop, and it had like 29 likes in two comments. And I went through the carousel, and I showed Melissa and Carly, and I was like, Oh, why did she do it like this? And, like, everything is just like, wah, wah, trying not to be, you know, sales y, but not showing anything, and it was just, crushed because I'm like, I wanted to do workshop for him. I wanna film it for him.

[00:50:17] Sue Bryce |  I want my team to do it. I'm like, no. What are you doing? So, yeah, I think that that's really important.

[00:50:25] Melissa (Chat Host) |  How do you get past the fear of showing up and showing out in a really meaningful way?

[00:50:30] Sue Bryce |  Do it. Yeah. It's the only one way to do it. And the only way to get rid of the fear fear doesn't leave you, right? So fear comes with you, so just bring the fear and acknowledge the fear.

[00:50:40] Sue Bryce |  When you just acknowledge the fear, it's so so easy just to acknowledge the fear, and we don't do it. And I just love people to just acknowledge that it's terrifying, putting yourself out there. Sometimes, but once you've done it, there's nothing to be terrified of. Truly. Nothing.

[00:50:59] Sue Bryce |  Alright. More questions.

[00:51:02] Audience Member |  So would you say to the person that printed out your workshop, your workbook 3 times so that I could write it out for all three businesses that I'm dreaming of?

[00:51:12] Sue Bryce |  I love it. I have compartments. I am a compartmentalized woman. I learned a long time ago, in business that if I was going to survive, I have to learn how to compartmentalize my brain, and I'm going like a dude does, do tab compartments and they shut a door, you can't open that door unless they willingly open it for you. You can wait at that door for years literally waiting for the rest of the conversation, and they can shut it.

[00:51:38] Sue Bryce |  We have an open corridor, think of Harry Potter, everything flying around, one spewing volcano of emotional mass. Right? So if we come home and vent to a partner, and, and then we go away and then come back and vent again the same problem. They're like, I thought we solved this, and then put it into a box. And then put it in that safe place where we don't open it again.

[00:52:01] Sue Bryce |  And the girls are like, but it's still in my it's still in my great room. What are you talking about? It's just coming around one more time and one more time and one more time. And so I have to learn how to compartmentalize, and whether that's multiple businesses, tasks, skills, people, creating, I learned that on days who I have to create, I don't want to do any other business of anything else, so I love that you did for 3 different businesses, and I absolutely love that all of them have energy. Are they one ultimately the question is?

[00:52:34] Sue Bryce |  Is this one personal brand that you will be merging together, or do you see it as 3 different businesses? Is it 1?

[00:52:42] Audience Member |  No. For me, it

[00:52:43] Sue Bryce |  probably

[00:52:43] Audience Member |  comes down to 2.

[00:52:44] Sue Bryce |  Okay.

[00:52:44] Audience Member |  Yeah. 2 different businesses.

[00:52:46] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. So I find this really interesting. A lot of people that have built a business around specific brand and noun and title are struggling a little bit with the idea of personal branding. So I created last year, I created a website for self value, content curator has its own website, Subrace Education Photography, that's 3 different verticals. They all live in three different places.

[00:53:08] Sue Bryce |  But the one thing I've realized now is I've now written my next class as personal brand. I've written a business workshop, that is exactly what I am a personal brand. So this year, well, this month, I'm amalgamating everything under subras.com for the first time. I'll be a personal brand, even though I've been self employed for 24 years, and I have been, you know, a photographer for 30 Yes. This is the first time I'll exist is subrice.com that does lots of different things because this is the future of business.

[00:53:40] Sue Bryce |  This is the future of creative business. Of small business. This is the future. We don't have to be pigeonholed by titles anymore. We can just the personal brands and exist in our personal brand.

[00:53:52] Sue Bryce |  And that tells me that for all the and I know all about hiding, I've tried to hide my whole life behind my brands, behind my staff, behind everything, social media. When I put my face on something, it sells 5 times more. When I put my name on something, it sells 5 times more. When I put my face on video, it gets five times the engagement and five times the likes because people don't follow brands. They follow people.

[00:54:22] Sue Bryce |  So I feel like this whole week is about really teaching you how to own your identity so that you can now start to decide what you want this personal brand to be because it's you, you're the purpose, you're the power, you're the you're the fuel in the rocket, you know, it's just like it's all comes down to your ability to be able to create this. And own this space. I think that is really powerful.

[00:54:53] Melissa (Chat Host) |  So can we talk a little bit about your notebooks? And how they help you compartmentalize and build confidence and finding clarity,

[00:55:02] Sue Bryce |  the

[00:55:02] Melissa (Chat Host) |  power of your own handwriting.

[00:55:04] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. So all creation you'll find, especially when we get to week 3 when you do my my development system, is in your own handwriting. I don't journal the way, the artist's way. I don't journal like that. Because I love writing, but I'm a speaker first.

[00:55:26] Sue Bryce |  So if I need to speak something out, I process it with words. I don't process it by journaling. Some people journal because it's an automatic journaling exercise and it's super powerful. What comes out quite extraordinary. I don't do that.

[00:55:40] Sue Bryce |  I just want to make that clear because I think a lot of people are like, journaling is, you know, not my thing. For me it's speaking, and if I can't process with someone, I video myself talking through it until they come to my conclusion on the video. So for me, the handwriting is in creating. It's just something about pen to paper, and then reading it and seeing it. The first twenty steps of creating the bones of content for any product, whether it's template or a video or a course or a workshop or a book must be done this way.

[00:56:19] Sue Bryce |  And it's exciting. Week 3 is where you find out what you really know, and it's when you find out what you it's what you really understand about yourself. I think that's crazy. Let's talk about brand story because this is something that I think I talked about no trauma, but the prompts on here for the homework was people wanna know that all people have wanted to know in the 14 years that I've been standing on stage, really they're asking the same question. Do you know what the question is?

[00:56:51] Sue Bryce |  How do I do that? How long did it take? How long did it take? How much did it cost? How did you do that?

[00:57:01] Sue Bryce |  How long did it take? How much did it cost? How long did it take? How long did it take you to get to that income? Right.

[00:57:08] Sue Bryce |  How long did it take you to get to the next income? Okay. How long did it take you to build that brand? How long did it take you to make that? How long did it take you to get to a 1,000,000?

[00:57:16] Sue Bryce |  How long did it take you to get this? Okay. How did you do that? Okay. So that was it.

[00:57:21] Sue Bryce |  When I when I really sat down and thought, how do I write a talk to other business owners, I sat down and I wrote step by step how I did it. And when I wrote step by step how I did it, with my timeline and my brand story, and all of this running in parallel and my mastery timeline, and my money timeline and my business timeline, my success timeline, my unfolding timeline, all of that timeline was there when I weaved it through step by step, this is how I did it. This is how long it took me to get to this level. This is what I did to get to that level. That was it.

[00:57:59] Sue Bryce |  This all people wanted was that. So if you can get your content down to that, That is what people wanna know. How long did it take you to do that? How did you do that? That's it.

[00:58:14] Sue Bryce |  Crazy, right? And so that's why when I say I want you to do your brand story, but I need you to work on this timeline. I need you to know when you achieved everything. How did you build this? That's a story.

[00:58:29] Sue Bryce |  How did you master this? That's a brand story. How did, what problem do you solve? That is a story. So if you're struggling to find a brand story, what problem do you solve That's a story.

[00:58:42] Sue Bryce |  What journey have you walked? That is a story. Like, who do you help That is the story. Why do you help them? That is a brand story.

[00:58:51] Sue Bryce |  All of these are brand stories. What's your invitation? What's your promise? What's your brand mission? You know, what is your offer of value?

[00:59:00] Sue Bryce |  That is a story. So if you think about these as brand stories, it's the stuff that you know was important to you when you built it. And it's part of your story. It's also what other business owners will be attracted to you or clients or, you know, followers will be attracted to you because it's what they resonate with their own journey in themselves. So when you talk about your journey, and your hardships, you're doing it in a way of identifying with the audience relating to them.

[00:59:40] Sue Bryce |  Okay? That's what it's there for. It's not to tell your story. It's to relate it to their journey. That's why it's about you, but it's not about you.

[00:59:51] Sue Bryce |  And that's where a lot of people make the mistake. Now the timeline So in your homework, you will see timelines for everything, week 2. So your week to is your maps, it's your steps forward, it's where you want to choose a path, and I want you to know your timeline. So the homework for next week, gives you timeline, a mastery, timeline, or money, timeline on building all of them, and it gives you a prompt to do all of them. So you can do your timelines next week.

[01:00:25] Sue Bryce |  I want you to really focus this week on really the identity of what it is that you're building stepping into what you're becoming, and this is where I really wanna challenge you. I wanna know if what you think is your I wanna know that what you if the path that you're about to unfold is so far from where you are right now. That's what I wanna know. Okay. Let me break that down.

[01:00:56] Sue Bryce |  Most people, when they've got the most amount of discomfort, when they're about to grow or change, is because the person that they want to become is further away than they think. And you can't become somebody different in a very short period of time. Because you can go no further than your emotional self. So that's what you're dealing with when you change anything is your own emotional self. So you've gotta give yourself grace, but you've gotta start to see that maybe the person that you are embodying is not that different on the person you are right now.

[01:01:40] Sue Bryce |  In fact, if you want to be someone different, you might be wanting something different. Instead of wanting what's authentic. And if what you want in your authentic self are not in alignment, you won't get there because that's asking for something that you're not. And why would you live that way that's not being authentic to you? Find the person in this world that loves you the most.

[01:02:08] Sue Bryce |  Really loves you, like, loves you. Sit them down and say, can you describe me with adjectives? Can you describe me in a way that I can see myself differently? Through your eyes. Can you describe me in a way that just helps me see a different perspective or a different perception of who I am.

[01:02:36] Sue Bryce |  And when you say these words about me, like, you don't want them to be physical, do you? Non physical compliments. Make sure it's someone that you love and trust enough that you know it's very genuine, and you'll know it when they say it because they're going to say things to you that surprise you that, like, you make me feel good because you're this type of person, and I see you do this to other people. And when you hear it, you start to see yourself as important. I want you to think about the last time you went into a business and got shit service.

[01:03:13] Sue Bryce |  And then I want you get your service, and it was the opposite, or that it looked like a janky little store, and then the person in the store gave you love and attention, like nobody's business, and then you were just like, and so you prejudged it, but then you got this incredible service. Or how often have you walked into, like, a $2,000,000 spa, and you've just gone this place is incredible and had the worst service of your life, and it was overpriced and you were poorly treated. So if the greatest gift you can give another human being is to serve them with authenticity, and value, then I don't care who you think you are, you're the most important business to this person, you're going to be the most important business to anybody. So all like am I pretty enough? Am I young enough?

[01:04:10] Sue Bryce |  Am I smart enough? Am I rich enough? Do I wear the right clothes? Do I wear the right jewelry? Do I have the right here too?

[01:04:16] Sue Bryce |  None of it matters. Do I serve? Am I authentic? Am I real? Am I setting expectations?

[01:04:24] Sue Bryce |  Am I connecting am I delivering? Am I following through? Do I care? Do I wanna do this? Am I lit up?

[01:04:32] Sue Bryce |  Is my soul filled up? Do I wake up every day and replenish my creativity and my filled with power? Do I wake up every day in gratitude because of who I am and what I do and what I built and that I'll never go to a job again because I'm self employed, and I'm unemployable. Freedom, I come on people, that's the whole point of being self employed because when you're working connected and you're working in your authentic self and you're giving value, you can't help, but waking up to that every single day. So if there's something that's stopping you from coming up at that full power right now, it's that identity and it's that belief that you can't do it.

[01:05:12] Sue Bryce |  So let's kick that in the throat in week 1 so that we can make product and sell them because I am so done with people wanting to be in business. You know, like, I'm so done with the with the struggle to just get to the idea, it's really comes down to a good strong decision, who I am and what I want, what I want to move forward, what brand I want to build around me, oh, are there anybody out there building a brand, not around them, not a personal brand, but you want to build a brand that's not around you, you're going to have to marry people that don't follow brands. They follow people, So what face are you going to use in your brand if it's not yours? Ah, because you have to use someone's. Think about all the brands that you follow.

[01:05:59] Sue Bryce |  And that are not personal brands, and you follow them because of the personal person face that they use on their brand. Right? Yeah? For a fact, in fact, when I first read that, I was like, I started to look through my Instagram feed, and it's right. I don't follow Nike.

[01:06:15] Sue Bryce |  I follow Serena. You know, it's like so often I was like, oh, but I follow Nike because of Serena, but that's not who I follow, and that not why I follow them. I thought that was super, super exciting and interesting. So yes, next week we're gonna unfold everything you know. Because you can't make products until you know what you know, you can't build a a personal brand until you know who you are, what you want, and what you do for everybody, And then the next step is you can't build these products until you know what you know.

[01:06:50] Sue Bryce |  And then once you create what you know, once you get that down and you start to ask the people who love you, who you are so that you can see yourself reflected back in people. You'll understand that I'm now building a personal brand around me. I wish I had known this 14 years ago. 14 years ago, I was just teet photographers, how to become portrait photographers, and it was so it was so stuck in the identity of doing it like Sue Does, Sue's Way, Sue's model, that people got so stuck on just being one way. And even though I would scream out, don't do it my way.

[01:07:28] Sue Bryce |  You don't have to do it my way. You can do it lots of different ways. So many people still did it my way, but I didn't realize the world of business was changing so so fast in the sense that now I just look online, it's all personal brands. We're all personal brands. Put your hand up in this room if you feel uncomfortable putting yourself on your social media.

[01:07:57] Sue Bryce |  Right. So you're just grabbing the phone and recording a reel right now would make you feel uncomfortable. Yeah? Yeah. Right?

[01:08:07] Sue Bryce |  Right. Do you feel more comfortable putting a still? Everyone out the chat just went like, Right? Why? People are gonna walk in and meet you.

[01:08:23] Sue Bryce |  They can't buy from you until they like you. So what are you most afraid of? Record it. Okay. An exercise I've always done in self value.

[01:08:35] Sue Bryce |  I've done this for 10 years in self value is I want you to take a selfie every week for 52 weeks. Right? Just you don't, you can get dressed up if you want. You don't, just take a selfie, get used to looking at yourself. That was in 2012.

[01:08:49] Sue Bryce |  I changed it. To taking a video. I want you to video yourself in the privacy of your own home in good lighting, be nice to yourself, Like, you know, as a photographer or watch content curators all the time, and I'm like, walk towards the window, just walk towards the window. Like, look, like, look, No window face? Oh, my face in the window light, you know, like, come on.

[01:09:16] Sue Bryce |  Be kind to yourself. Record yourself talking for 2 pertinent and it has to be something you love more than anything in the world. It could be ice cream. It could be your children. It could be shopping.

[01:09:27] Sue Bryce |  I don't care. Just talk about something you love for 2 minutes or talk out a problem and just talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and then I want you to sit down and watch it. No. Watch it until you feel love. It comes Sometimes it takes ten times, sometimes longer, because I realized something when I couldn't post those photos and I could post that video, I realized something in the video.

[01:09:55] Sue Bryce |  I'm kind of funny. I used, like, I did cheeky expressions, I laughed, like, I was cute. And at first, I was like, Oh, I look horrible. Oh, look fat. Oh, look, oh, look, you know, did all that, and then I just stopped and I just listened to the message and then saw the girl, and then I watched it again, and then I watched it again, and again, and again, this is back in like, I'm gonna say 2014 because I did not watch my creative life, I still have not watched my creative live.

[01:10:32] Sue Bryce |  I heard it's good. It's so good, but I have not watched it. So it's like, I didn't start watching myself on about 14. Now I have so much love for my authentic self that when I look horrendous on video, which you often are when you're on stage and people are, you know, posting shots, I no longer care. I just see it as being my authentic self.

[01:10:56] Sue Bryce |  Truly, I I fell in love with myself in that moment by watching myself and being kind. And at first, you will see everything you don't like about yourself. But, you know, if anybody is hearing this and they're actually a photographer, you know what people are like in front of the camera when they have no control over what is that's the vulnerability is no control. The people who are the most vulnerable in front of your camera want to control the situation. Do you?

[01:11:27] Sue Bryce |  Are you trying to control the narrative of how you look instead of be. Now when I'm talking to you in person, if I'm having a kind of conversation where it's connected to you, I'm into your facial expression, your, but I'm not thinking, oh my gosh, I better stand in this light so that you can get the best part of me. Yes? Okay. I'm not like putting my chin forward and down so I don't have a double chin.

[01:11:55] Sue Bryce |  Like, I'm not posing. So why would you do it in video or a photo? You're talking authentically. Oh, I challenge you. Everyone's gonna go and record themselves.

[01:12:08] Sue Bryce |  Now I need you to record yourselves, and I need you to watch it. Okay. It is very, very very important question over here. I don't post much on social media because I'm just finding myself bored to death with social me too. There are a few I follow, and I love them.

[01:12:26] Sue Bryce |  Stories below the images. Usually stories go back down, Melissa, sorry, there are magicians magicians from the musicians from the forties to the eighties, and that's interesting to me. Oh, Susie, are you responding to someone Sorry. I thought it was a question. I started reading it.

[01:12:41] Sue Bryce |  Yes, blooper reels. Always good. Many posts feeling like more of the same and a lot of noise.

[01:12:51] Audience Member |  When you talk about being transparent, I think about when I've tried to record videos and watch it back. What I notice is I tend to think about what I'm speaking. And so can you speak to the transparency aspect? And what is it that you're focusing on? When you're speaking.

[01:13:14] Sue Bryce |  Yes. Okay. So what I do is my slides are prompts. This is this is the difference between when you're reading and when you know the content. Okay?

[01:13:28] Sue Bryce |  This is just the first difference. So if I had a slide up that says physical products such as merchandize, a handcraft that all manufactured sold and shipped income is generated through sell some profit margins. You can tell when I'm reading, even with a teleprompter, but if I was to put that line up and say this is a prompt to talk about physical products. I wouldn't read it. I would just say what I know about physical products.

[01:13:53] Sue Bryce |  That helps the flow. But this is the bit that gets people. When people first start, I guess it's so fun watching other instructors, especially developing with them and everything because it's like it's cute because everyone's just in this place of complete like, you know, So they'll do this, and they'll get up in front of the camera, and they'll be like, Hi, my name is Sue Bryce. I'm And you go go again. My name is Sue oh my god, I said Sue Bryce.

[01:14:28] Sue Bryce |  Okay. Okay. Go. Hi. My name is Sue Bryce.

[01:14:32] Sue Bryce |  I'm a photographer, oh my god. I lost it again. And I'm like, okay. Imagine you're live. Okay.

[01:14:43] Sue Bryce |  Your video is live. Try that. And then it's like, hi. I'm super I just said suprised. Hi.

[01:14:50] Sue Bryce |  I'm suprised, everybody. Because I'm live. Right? Now if you were live with me, and I said, hi. I'm through Bryce.

[01:14:58] Sue Bryce |  And then I went, I just said through Bryce. Hi, everybody. I'm through Bryce. Would you crack up laughing and go, oh, this is gonna be fun? Cause I'm live.

[01:15:07] Sue Bryce |  Alright? So I always say to people, when you're new, you stop on every, every hiccup, every, like, I went to I said that wrong. I want to re and it's like, Nana, you're live. There are people out there watching, so just keep talking and acknowledge the boo boo. Right?

[01:15:25] Sue Bryce |  You go. I just said Sue Bryce. Welcome, everybody. Welcome to Sue Bryce, and this is content curator. Let's get going.

[01:15:32] Sue Bryce |  I would have just totally rolled with that. So that's the difference. And I think that when you try not to correct yourself, like, I don't want when I record a video to have what just happened, like in a hesitation, or and people say, all the time. I say, okay. A lot.

[01:15:55] Sue Bryce |  Okay? And I don't like that either. I don't watch that, and I'm like, so just focus on the live aspect. So when you're filming yourself, talk like your live. If you make a boo boo, keep talking.

[01:16:07] Sue Bryce |  Make a joke about it. So recently I was doing a live video, and I said, I was in my flow, and I'm like, full pace, and I said a word wrong, And I keep talking, and then I realized afterwards, a bit later. And I was like, sorry, I said amalgamate. But I meant assimilate, and I I just correct it because they're live, and everyone's like, ah, yeah, I got it. Yeah.

[01:16:34] Sue Bryce |  Like, and I think that's what changed it. The second you are stopping it, every mistake you make, it's like, oh my gosh, you film a workshop with people, and then you get them to make their first sales video. And all all you do is say, alright, what are the 10 best things about this workshop? Alright. We're gonna film you saying the 10 best things, and that takes 2 hours just to read something that's under a minute.

[01:16:59] Sue Bryce |  But if you don't try and read it and you don't correct it and you just learn how to speak authentically and you make a boo boo, correct it, make a joke, move on, or just be like, you know, sometimes you and your flow and you're like, blah blah blah. And then I think with the, you know, like teleprompter and and then you'll be like, wait. Sorry. Let me get that right. I'll just stop.

[01:17:21] Sue Bryce |  You've heard me do this. In fact, now that you're, I'm saying it, you're like, yeah, I have heard you do that. Right. Let me get this right, because I know if I don't get it right, I'm gonna say the wrong thing. Very important.

[01:17:32] Sue Bryce |  Also, in the heat of the moment when you're on stage or coaching or on video, it's very easy to promise things. You say, yeah, I'll get that for you, and then you walk up stage and you've forgotten because you were just in the role. And then people are like, you said you were gonna email it to everybody. And I'm like, and if you have a producer, they'll write that down, like, email everybody. And that's why I would walk off stage and promptly forget about it.

[01:17:57] Sue Bryce |  So don't make that mistake because, you know, you've said it to somebody online, and it's really really important, I don't know, makes a big difference. So yeah, that's the difference is stop correcting yourself and then learn that these videos are not sales videos, they are live engagement. Do you follow Mel Robbins? Mel makes videos walking to the car she makes a video getting out of the car walking into the gym. She's like, hi everybody.

[01:18:25] Sue Bryce |  I just thought I'd tell you this. And she has no mic. She's talking directly to a phone, hand holding it, 5 and a half million followers. Lewis House, he films himself in the sauna. Switching.

[01:18:38] Sue Bryce |  No clothes on. And then running on his treadmill, who's like, you know, just tell, like, talking about motivation while he's running on treadmill in the morning, this is what's hitting right now. This authenticity is hitting. And that's authenticity. That's the realness of it.

[01:18:53] Sue Bryce |  Melissa posted a beautiful, picture the other day of a, caterpillar becoming a butterfly, static picture. With a beautiful post, and I saw it, and I was like, you know, what would have made this post even better? Would have been a beautiful little clip of her saying the what was in the post because it was a message to people to get themselves grace as they unfold into butterflies. If she'd set it and then it cut to the picture, so it's a real, and then it's voiceover, subtitled, and written in the post. And then it's under 30 seconds.

[01:19:32] Sue Bryce |  She's connected the message audial, visually, and for reading, and she's shown her face and it's genuinely spoken in her voice. It just went from one tick to 6 ticks. Yeah. Whoever you are, you're good enough to start on your own brand. Because you're a business owner and business owners are not required to look a certain way.

[01:20:09] Sue Bryce |  Business people find their people and you attract people who are like you. And the reason you attract them is because like is a likeness. I don't need to attract Gen Z into my brand. I want every three woman over 40 on this planet that's interested in business or self value. I don't, you know, that's what I want.

[01:20:35] Sue Bryce |  I want people like me, and I think that that's really, really important. So So whatever you think you aren't enough of, you're exactly enough of the people you want to attract because the people you want to attract will be exactly like you. Exactly. Do we need to post these videos to both feed and stories? You know, stories is transient.

[01:21:01] Sue Bryce |  Your feed is what key stays, more consistent. Your stories move through, so you post two reels, and then you post that reel to your stories, and you can do that multiple times. That's the best way to do it. Absolutely 100% for sure, and make sure you're connecting your social media triangle. But we'll talk about that more towards the end of the workshop.

[01:21:24] Sue Bryce |  We've got 9 minutes left. I would love to answer more questions, so please throw some questions in there so that Melissa can ask me and if there's any questions in here please. Let me let me take them. Just gonna have a look through here, make sure I read out all of those prompts. Was there anything in the homework that people struggled with or got stuck on.

[01:21:44] Sue Bryce |  That's what I'm interested other than the 3 by 3. I think we've pretty much worked out our 3 by threes by now. No? Burbs doing? We need a mic here.

[01:21:58] Audience Member |  So I didn't print out 3 copies for 3 businesses, but I I definitely kept things separate. So I guess when you're you have multiple ideas and multiple things that you do, and they aren't even related. Oh, I see. Sort of how to pick something. And it's funny because even the one of the things is we have a YouTube channel vlogging, I have no problem being on camera all day for that, but I won't put myself on my portrait world.

[01:22:30] Sue Bryce |  What do you vlog that's different from portrait? Travel. Okay. So you've logged travel, but you don't vlog portrait, right, because

[01:22:39] Audience Member |  Probably because I'm not alone. So my vlog is with my husband, so it's It's like we banter. We're we're doing stuff, and I have no problem. And I'll even repost something silly from a travel to my portrait stuff. I just So

[01:22:52] Sue Bryce |  do you get more confidence when you're posting with him?

[01:22:55] Audience Member |  No. It might even only be me. I just think it's because he makes me. And now I'm very comfortable on camera, but he sort of forced that. So I have all of these different things, and it's like, well, which should I build out?

[01:23:06] Sue Bryce |  Well, why don't you get them to make you do some for photography? Oh, gosh. That's Well, okay. Yes. Not wanting to do something and being scared of something are 2 different things.

[01:23:20] Sue Bryce |  Like, when I said I don't wanna call my brand surprise, it wasn't because I didn't wanna call it surprise. I didn't wanna put my name on it. I did not want to highlight my name like that. I was too afraid to, being afraid of something, And then you I'm so comfortable doing it. Well, if you're so comfortable do it, get so comfortable doing it over there.

[01:23:46] Sue Bryce |  Sounds like BS to me. Anybody else? In a personal brand that's finding it hard to, like, amalgamate their brands.

[01:24:01] Melissa (Chat Host) |  We did have a few questions, on the chat about when you have multiple when you do multiple things, how do you in your 3 by 3, include everything that you do, or do you need to create

[01:24:14] Sue Bryce |  a deductible? Remember, prioritize what you wanna sell. Prioritize most what you wanna do. Prioritize that thing first, and also understand this. A 3 by 3 is about your identity.

[01:24:27] Sue Bryce |  It was more about you getting comfortable saying it. Number 2, the next time you go into a networking event or a cold call or a consultation with a client or a design session or anything anything connected and networking, you're gonna thank me because that 3 by 3 is gonna be just at the tip of your tongue, and it's gonna roll off your tongue so confidently and so easily that people are gonna look at you differently in the room, and then you're gonna go home and send me a message and go, that just rocked my world rate owned my identity with so much power. Okay? But then what's gonna happen is inevitably when that 3 by 3 is so strong. They're going to take your card.

[01:25:07] Sue Bryce |  They're going to look at your Instagram, maybe. They're gonna look at your website. And the first thing they're going to see is going to keep communicating what it is that you are communicating with your 3 by 3. So when you can visually show a brand, as well as communicate it succinctly and clearly, the way that we've been talking about then you've double whammy. So imagine then that you're gonna follow through that 3 by 3 with something visual.

[01:25:36] Sue Bryce |  And when they see there's something visual, even more of what you said and why you said it makes sense. Because that's just the first clarity. The second clarity is what they see second. And that's why when I first started to market my portrait business back in 2004, what I did was the cantilever because it was a folio. It showed diversity, it showed age, showed representation, and it showed one style of photography, but through one genre, of multiple diverse and, women.

[01:26:12] Sue Bryce |  And inevitably, I would say my 3 by 3, and then I would show this cantilever, and they would open it and go, what? And there it was, the visual, the visual communication of the identity I have just communicated authentically. And when those 2 are in coats, it's like that dude from shark tank said, I would have told you engineering was the most important role in a business 10 years ago. Now it's photography and video. Because somebody that can make rich photography and rich video and communicate a brand story through that and make videos that are 10 seconds, 30 seconds, you know, 1 minute, 2 minutes, 10 minutes long, is going to dominate social media and therefore advertising and marketing in the next 10 years.

[01:27:11] Sue Bryce |  Let's have a little cry about it. I never wanted to be on tick talk. I'm fifty two years old. I'm pointing at boxes. I don't mind doing dances, but I've asked, and nobody wants to do TikTok dances with me.

[01:27:22] Sue Bryce |  So I didn't get on tiktok because it's not my jam. I'm older. It's a younger jam. I get it. I don't need a younger audience, so I didn't get on tiktok I I started to, but then I was like, I can't get into it.

[01:27:35] Sue Bryce |  Then Instagram were like, oh, we don't like TikTok. We better change ours to match TikTok so that we get all our people back So they went from a photo platform to a video platform, and the world cried about it. Mostly the photographers but we're only 1% of the market anyway, professional photographers, and nobody cared that they're taking away. Photography are like, you're taking away my business. It's like, this is a free platform.

[01:28:01] Sue Bryce |  If you're not paying for it, then you're the product. It's that simple. So then I kind of see that, and I think right. You've got to understand the most important thing we're gonna do is build you a list. And don't worry, we're gonna do that in week 5.

[01:28:19] Sue Bryce |  But if you come back to this 1st week 1 of being able to communicate, like, on this social media the way it is now, then yes, you can statically post and use carousels. But if you can use video and you can use yourself, you're going to connect a lot faster, provided the content is interesting, authentic, and brief. Okay. Engaging, educational, entertaining, exciting. Gotta be entertainment.

[01:28:50] Sue Bryce |  It's gonna be one of those things. Emotional, It's all the ease. Yeah. So that's it. That's connection, and I feel like that is the way forward the personal brands?

[01:29:03] Audience Member |  So what do you, can you expand a little bit on the digital product that we are gonna be thinking about. That was where I struggled when I was doing it was, like, I never thought about digital product before. And, connecting my identity with digital products

[01:29:21] Sue Bryce |  and how we're doing that. I know. So weird, right? Because weirdly, you didn't think about your identity when you built your first brand, or did you? In fact, I watched 100 of, in fact, I've watched thousands of people come into my program and get stuck on their identity as they're building their new business.

[01:29:43] Sue Bryce |  So I realize it's the moment when people say I have to put myself out there, and they do it like that, put myself up there. And it's like, yeah, this is the moment you're really defining who you are and what you do, and you are 100% putting out there. So week, I'm gonna show you the map to all the products. And the maps are the next steps. Like there's 28 steps to building a podcast.

[01:30:08] Sue Bryce |  If you've already built a podcast and you're just here to make monetize it or make it better, then you're going to go down those 28 steps like a checklist and you're gonna see how many of the steps you've already ticked and how many you have not ticked, and I'm gonna bring that into alignment for you. I wrote a map for creating a workshop, creating a master class, creating a stage presentation, a book, And the maps are all different steps, but they're all just next steps of how you do it. And if you've already started, you're just going to make a checklist. In there, you're going to see each path of the verbs of making a workshop and performing a workshop, marketing a workshop, because a lot of people tell me they want to be on stage, but when I say, cool, send me your content, they don't have any. So they really just want to be seen.

[01:31:05] Sue Bryce |  They want to be important. They want to be per and I go, cool, but now you have to give me the content that you want to speak on stage, send that to me, and let me read it. So by the end of this class, I will have your content written out in a way where your identity is so clear, your content is so clear, the path you're about to walk is clear for you. You're developing the content in it. In fact, I wanna get you to beta testing that product, regardless of what you choose, Next week is about the content, what you know, week 3, after you've developed all that content, your story, your timeline, your mission, your purpose, your knowledge.

[01:31:47] Sue Bryce |  Once you've wrapped a bow in it, I'm gonna ask you which product do you wanna make. And you have 8 choices in that moment, and that content can make all of those products, but that won't be what you want. There will be one product on there that you're gonna go that's my product, whether it's a template, whether it's an ebook, whether it's a workshop, whether it's a stage presentation, you're gonna start with one product. And by the time you get to the end of this class, you're going to be beta testing and selling that product, and you're going to get so much confidence from the making the creation and the selling and sharing of that product, you're gonna be unstoppable making many more. So this 1st week was about you finding out who you are next week is about you finding out what you want and what path you're gonna walk and then you print out that map, you print all five maps, but when you print the map that you wanna walk, use it like a checklist.

[01:32:42] Sue Bryce |  How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time? How do you build a business? One step at a time, just the next step, and the next step. Okay?

[01:32:54] Sue Bryce |  You can speak to me in school. You can ask me questions and tag me in school in our community. And thank you so much for joining us today. And I will see you all, next Thursday or in that


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 1 Coaching ====
