==== Start of Transcript: 14 Processing ====

Stress is no boundaries. If you're stressed, ask why am I I have no boundaries. Because if I'm stressed, I'm saying yes when I wanna say no, guilt is self correcting. Ongoing guilt is people pleasing. Never saying no, avoiding confrontation that shame.

You don't believe you're good enough to have feelings. I'm a bad person, self judgment. I'm unforgivable, rejection, self rejection. I'm not lovable, unwanted, No wonder. I'm not good enough.

Uning. Uning says I can't have what I can't have what I want. I can't meet my needs. You know, tuning, worry is just projected anxiety into situations that aren't even happening yet, and they are self fulfilling prophecies, self pity, I don't know how to meet my needs. No one helps me envy.

Why do they have that? And I don't. I don't know how to create what I want. So where is the voice of acceptance? You can acknowledge now that this awareness of my thoughts and my feelings showed me that I'm stuck in a loop.

Well, what is the loop? The loop is when you get stuck in your brain, you go down to your emotions, instead of going to your heart and your focus, You don't like the emotion. It's horrible. So you go straight back to your thoughts again, and you try and change them, but you're just obsessed about the thoughts because you can't get past this emotion. And the loop, if you look at the loop, whatever you're stuck on, like, they rejected me, you're already breeding obsession about it.

Right? But if you look at the loop, It breaks with acceptance. I accept that it was not rejected. There is no narrative here. This person said that they were not they did not have the same feelings as me, and I took it.

I attached it to a different narrative of being rejected. It's not even it's not even what's happening. You've gotta come back to the truth. What is the story you've attached to? What is the horrible feeling?

And now that you're becoming aware of how they keep repeating, and it's and it's keeps coming back to this rejection and fear. So why am I feeling rejected? Because this happened, and I felt rejected and rejection breeds obsession. And now I'm assessing that I'm not good enough. And I say yes.

Yes. My thoughts and my feelings. That is correct. Wait. Who just spoke?

Cause that wasn't my thoughts. That wasn't my feelings. That wasn't my fear. Wasn't self hate. I think now you actually get to meet you.

You see, you're the one on the driver's seat, and you're observing my thoughts and my feelings. And you're the one that let all those other idiots drive. So now you're the observer of these voices in your car. You are also the challenger. And if you find that difficult, you call to believe because to believe doesn't believe any of these 3.

Okay? You are the guru. You're the quiet one that's been sitting there the whole time listening to these voices. And you're the one that could have been challenging them. And the voice of the driver, the observer, The voice of your in a guru does not speak until you let that voice come up and out.

And when you do, when you do, you will know that I finally got to meet And she was in here the whole time just sitting here watching these clowns, drive her car, and believing everything that they said when she knew better. And what if that person that did reject you didn't actually reject you? They just didn't love you the way you wanted them to. And they didn't feel the same as you, or you can come to acceptance and forgiveness. You can or that.

And yourself for forgiveness. And now you've made this all about you. Right? And you will learn and burn and churn for acceptance, but only from that one person who rejected you. You don't want attention from the million other people that would give you attention right now You only want attention from the one person that said they didn't want you.

You're obsessed, and your obsession is an emotional addiction to feeling like crap. And you can't break it because you just feel rejected, but if you can get between it, if you can, you know, you can't break it. Because I think it's crack cocaine for the ego is to be rejected and have the ego flare up. Ego loves it wants to survive. See how you just set that one up?

You break the loop when you come to acceptance of your part in this situation. My feeling said they rejected me, Sounds like blame, but that's my feeling. 3, you know, challenge it. I felt rejected, acknowledge it. How did they reject you?

Well, I wanted more, and they didn't feel the same about me because I'm not good enough. Oh, did they say that? That you weren't good enough? No. Well, then stay on the facts.

Stop going off to my old story. I just wanted them to love me. I was like, yeah. So I need to love me. Yeah.

Emotional intelligence is being intelligent. About your emotions. There's nothing intelligent about emotions. You feel them. They come up.

They they literally, I say Tell me how you feel. And people go, well, I think I just kind of and I go, no. I didn't ask you what you think. I asked how you feel. And when you tell me how you feel, speak like a three year old that just lost their candy.

Like, I hate her. She took this away. Like, be base. Be absolutely raw emotion. Tell me the truth of what you're feeling right now.

Don't try and pretty it up with, like, talk to me like I'm your therapist. I'm thinking maybe no. So emotional intelligence is seeing that emotion and being intelligent about the response to it. Managing empathy, social skills. The 4 areas of self awareness are self awareness, self management, empathy, and social skills.

Those are the 4 areas that we grow and self awareness. So what am I feeling? The identity, the story? What is the thought driving the story this feeling? Why am I feeling?

What I am from? What am I learning? How does it affecting me right now and how you manage and process these thoughts and emotions, and for how long will I allow myself to stay in it? And then it's empathy and reading the room. And then you have got self awareness in all the areas of your life, and you're gonna practice them every single day until you stop avoiding yourself and start loving yourself instead.

When you stop avoiding it, you're gonna fall in love. Everybody reacts emotionally. The question is how long are you going to stay in this reaction? Because you're thinking something, attaching it to an old story, but you're observing that now And now you don't get stuck in the story because now you're looking at it going, this isn't even mine, and you get better at it and better at it and better at it until you call yourself out immediately. And that's when I can call Nicky to hold space for me.

And I can say, Nicky, I'm stuck on something, and she'll go, what is it? I'll go, I'm just, no, no, sing. Blah blah blah. Oh, because I'm doing this in blah blah. Oh, good.

And then I oh, yeah. That was me. Ah, damn it. Okay. Thanks.

And she goes, cool. Okay. Bye. But I've also taught her something because we're connecting energetically. And she's like, oh, you just showed me I'm doing that in this way.

And I'm like, oh, we're just seeing each other in our mirror, giving each other love, saying, look, we've got a little freak flags. We're okay. Come on. Let's go. And we just pick it up and we go again.

But you have to disrupt it at some point because you're the one feeding it. And so when you do this thought work, you can meditate, you can visualize, you can help your yourself all day, every day. You can wake you yourself, You can journal just to brain dump, or maybe you just need to speak it out, video yourself, write it, say it on the beach. It doesn't matter. It really doesn't matter.

It comes down to how you like to process things. I don't journal. I'm a talker. So I sat in thought work for a long time. I walked multiverse thousands of thousands of duties on the multiverse to find a way through.

And then I come back, and then I come to love, and then I get a mirror someone that can hold space for me. And I speak out my problem until I see it directly reflected back with love, and then I take it and I heal it and I bring it to the light And I say thank you very much for the person that held that space for me. So I don't need advice. I'm not venting. None of my friends vent.

I'm a solution finder. So if you're venting, I'm finding solutions. And if you look at me and go, I don't want solutions. I'm venting. I'm like, ah, ah, what are you venting about then?

And they'll tell me, like, ah, and are you doing that? And then the conversation stops And when I get stuck in a loop that I can't break and the emotion thought I need to speak it out I need to speak it out. Some people need to write it out. Some people need to dance it out. I need to speak it out.

So find how you process first. It's so powerful saying what you are feeling and observing and have someone you love and trust hold a space like a little mirror up for you so that you can see yourself really reflected back in this situation in a loving way. It's always negative. You always don't like it. I teach my friends how to do this, and now they hold the same space for me, and they come to my table with a problem.

You know? And they've gone past the first problem. This person said or did this. They've gone past the drama. Like, they're already past the drama because now They're trying to come to a solution, and they're stuck in a loop.

And that's at that moment that I bring them to that place of America. And if my friends are avoiding the emotion that they're about to uncover. They don't come to me for conversation. In fact, I'll often look on Instagram and find one of my friends going through something on Instagram, and I'll text them and go, Why are you telling Instagram that? And not me.

Because I know the answer because they're like, no, I'm telling everybody else in the world, they're gonna give me sympathy. You're gonna just give me a mirror and send you all my fault. Yep. Yes. I am.

Yes. I am. So you gotta listen to the way you're saying it. So Why did that trigger you as a filter of my past? Okay?

And we don't talk about the person. We talk about the emotion. So how are you contributing to it? We start to answer our own questions because someone is holding that space for you. Go to the mirror, make eye contact, really look into those windows of your soul until your ego mask drops down, and just stay steering at that one spot in your eyes until you can see the light that shines out from inside you.

And I promise you it's there. It drops down. Sometimes it takes a while, but then you get very good at it. If you ever get confused about your superficial self, go and look deep inside until you can see your soul because you can. Now processing and this emotional mastery that we're talking about, this ability to wake up every single day and deal with our shit, and then clear the board so that we can get into alignment with, like, creating what we want is the keys to the kingdom the ability to wake up every day and reconnect to self love.

How do you wake up? How are you waking up now? Negative pain, unfulfilled, unseen, excited, exhausted, taken advantage of burning out not what how are you waking up every day? And how are you processing that? How do you wake up in yesterday's emotions?

No. So who am I without yesterday's emotions? When I take them away, what is it that I'm holding onto? It's either avoidance or fear. But it's just clearing that board to start living your life.

You know, what is the meaning of life? The answer is in the question. Find deep meaning. We are here to find deep meaning in our purpose, in our journey, in our life, in our work, and in our relationships, in our love, and in our future. So what brings you joy?

You must follow that. How do I believe in myself is a question I get asked regularly? The answer is in the question. First, you have to believe you're worth it. Then you set a goal to create something for yourself.

I made jokes about belief. But on a serious note, when people ask me how they start believing in themselves, I always say first, you have to believe you're worth it. And then you simply set a goal and create something you really want for yourself. And you start with setting that goal that activates your alignment because that goal is something you really want, and you know you can get into alignment if you just get pass those emotions to heart and focus. And it's gonna take a little bit of observing, but don't worry.

You'll get pulled down into the drama You will let somebody else drive for a bit. It happens all the time. You're gonna get up every single day, and you are going to run towards this goal in alignment, and it doesn't matter how small this goal is. You gotta do it with great love and you're gonna get into alignment every day, and you're going to give it your best. And I mean your best when you give your best, you will certainly grow and see results, and that's evident.

And when you truly believe you gave your best and you can stand And then you'll see a result, and you'll say, oh, and look what I did. Now I believe in myself. Words are powerful. Reject. Neglect, disregard, abandon.

Those are the antonyms to believe. So if you don't believe this, if you don't believe you're with it, if you don't believe you can do this, if you don't believe you want this, if you don't believe you can have this, you don't believe you can create this, you don't believe that you're good. If you don't believe, if you don't believe, then you are rejecting, neglecting, disregarding, abandoning yourself These are the antonums to believe. Disbelief. This is pure by pure definition, rejection of the self.

You choose not to believe in anything, but the believe synonyms. I believe I think. I trust. I understand. I accept.

I affirm. I believe. So if I reject myself, neglect myself, disregard myself, a man and myself, I'm in a state of disbelief constantly that I'm a good person. And when I believe in myself or I believe in that dream or I believe in that goal, enough to start walking towards it just to get past that first emotion, to get to my heart. Because I think I trust I understand.

I accept. I affirm. I believe. To believe changes emotions. Which changes stories, which changed paths.

And when you believe you're worth it and you set that goal, when you believe you're worth it and you set that goal, and you're gonna give it your best, and then you're gonna see a return. Okay? And then you're gonna activate 2 of the most powerful forces on earth, and that is a acceptance of what you just created and the gratitude that something you wanted has been received. And these 2, they don't get in your car. These energies lift your car.

This is Ascension. These come out of you. Like, love. This is gratitude and acceptance of what I wanted. And that is a magnetic force of attraction.

Because when you really want something and you align and you get it, you then accept this gift, and this power with gratitude that something you wanted has been received. And because it's something you really wanted, the gratitude is even bigger. And it gave you joy to create it, and it gave you joy to get it, and it gives you joy to have it and you receive it and you enjoy it and you're thankful for it and you appreciate it, that is gratitude and the heart is attracting in joy. Heart explodes. And the heart is a magnet to attracting everything.

So when the car we have my thoughts, my emotions, shotgun, front seat, fear and fears, horror, my old stories, is in the back, but they're all passed out. Nickel bags on again. It smells like Gucci Russian cigarettes in here, but honestly, I told you fear doesn't leave, you know, like their family. Everyone's got 1. And that dull thumping sound coming from the trunk, That's body story.

She's not coming back. Ever. And I tell you right now, if I ever see self hate hitchhiking on the side of the road. On a dark. Quiet road.

But for real. Don't let self aid hurt your daughters. Please. Don't let self aid hurt your sons. Protect the castle.

They do as you do, not as you say. And I tell you right now. Never again. Will it ever let anybody else strike that car? You gotta take them all for a drive.

Every day that you process, you take them for a drive, and it's okay because guess what? Be yours. And you don't have to believe any of them because you have to believe to believe in, and to believe doesn't believe them. And you can calm them all. You also have acceptance and gratitude to believe is your support system, but like any support system, you have to ask for it.

==== End of Transcript: 14 Processing ====