==== Start of Transcript: 07 Love ====

Now let's look at our self perception around love and love our love relationships, how much love we feel we're getting, how cherished we are, how valued, how respected, love, how we look, Status body relationship, money, help people see me, and perceive me, treat me in all of these areas. Okay? When you don't see love reflected back at you, you act out to matter. It's to test a boundary of who cares about me. Teenagers do it, children do it, teenagers do it, adults do it too.

We just do it in a different way. So what do you want? What do you ask for? What do you accept every day now? That's what you have to look at.

Not what you potentially can have, how you wake up every day. And if other people are treating you poorly or with disrespect, you have to ask yourself, am I treating myself poorly? Whatever you think you lack, you have to give that. Whatever you think you lack, you have to give that to yourself. I want more respect.

Give that to yourself. I want more love. Give that to yourself. I want more self care. Give that to yourself.

You have to give it to yourself first. K. Then you can give it out to everybody else, and then it gets reflected back to you tenfold. So it's a verb. You don't receive it.

In order to see love reflected back, you first have to give it, and then you have to be filled with love. That's called the giving and receiving of love. Are you giving away love, but not receiving? How often do you feel you're over nurturing others, prioritizing others, over helping? Over helping is disempowered.

It's people pleasing. How do I bring value to this relationship? To this business, to this friendship, to this moment. Thank you, Nikki. Showing up in love.

To life. And that means in love. Now if my mind is focused on something I really want in love, and then my emotions are in love with the idea that I want this, and we're gonna do it. And then my heart is, like, activated because it's like, I'm gonna do this. Like, My my mind's going, yes, my emotions are feeling good.

I'm seeing some evidence. My focus is definitely showing up. So I'm coming to this platform every day with like more and more joy. And suddenly, I'm showing up. I'm showing up in love.

It's not bringing me love. I'm showing up in love. The more in love I show up the faster I manifest. We feel stuck and helpless, sad, unloved, lonely, egocentric, and yet we are all connected. No one is alone.

It is simply a perception that you are not loved or not good enough that would ever make you feel that way. And being that love comes from you, not to you, then that makes you officially the one that is choosing to sit at home and be unloved when you have the complete power to fill yourself with love and care. You're choosing that attracting love. If you want love and you haven't got a primary love relationship, would you date you right now? You know, you say, I want this, and I want this, and I want a partner that does this, and I want a partner that does this.

Are you on that list? Do you do that? Become everything on that list. Write a list of the perfect love relationship and become everything on that list for yourself then the person who matches that list will walk in your door, not because you wrote a stupid list, but because you became ever thing on that list and attracted the exact mirror to who you are. That's how it works.

You're gonna attract the exact mirror of who you are. And if you don't like who you're with, that's your reflection. How could you expect them to show up for you in this world you're not even showing up to the person you wanna be in. And how do you write a list about somebody else without attributes that you have on that list? That's called a fantasy.

And you're gonna keep getting rejected. And you see, we fantasize love relationships because in the fantasy space, the partner we fall for is perfect. They don't have bad breath. They don't snore. You know, they're just perfect, aren't they?

And they fantasy space. And guess what? If you have a fantasy relay, I've had many fantasy relationships. There were some of the best relationships in my life. So, you know, don't be afraid of, like, telling me about yours because I had some real duties, but, honestly, if you really, really are stuck in a fantasy for love, you're just saying that you're not good enough in real life to actually be loved, what's and all, and you really are.

So know yourself. And when you know your unlovable part so that you can just look at them and own them. Bring them to the light. Come bring out that horrible thing. Me me dragging out this, like, nine foot monster out of the picture.

And you gotta round the thing. And I say bring it out to the light so we can all look at it. You know, so that we can all look at it because on a kill shame, honor yourself what you want. It's easy to be single. Like I said, you don't have to see yourself reflected back.

Okay. So sorry. Same way with love. Same way with money. Once you see yourself reflected back, you realize it's you.

The whole time it's you. In your relationship, the primary relationship that you have, and if you don't have one, maybe it's another family relationship or primary relationship, but in in this relationship, how often are you but hurt in your relationship? Not getting your needs met, partner missed something, made you feel low, made you feel bad. How often do you sit there and just it's, you know, I don't get what I want. How often do you feel that way?

In your relationship. You know, how often do you think I don't like what's happening here? I don't like the way these people are treating me. How often do you feel that? No.

And, honestly, start thinking about it. When you start to build resentment towards person you love, you carry all this resentment, and then you start to get that divide. And people always say, can you get that back, that love connection? And I always say, yeah, you can. If you're prepared to take a knee and take full responsibility for the resentment because it's yours.

So how often do you feel hurt or rejected with a family member or a friend or a spouse? How often do you feel my needs just aren't being met in this relationship or just being a little bit hurt or going quiet for a while because you're stewing inside, burning, churning? Do you feel untouched by your partner or unseen or unheard or unloved by the very person that is committed to you in your own home sitting right there? The people we love the most can make us feel the most alone. And here in your love relationships, is where you're reflecting back your own emotions about yourself.

And the deeper I love myself, the deeper he loves me. Stop trying to heal yourself or your relationship by changing the people around you. And that's what we do. What is the biggest complaint you have about your partner? Think of it.

What is the biggest complaint you have about any loved one? Any close love relationship that you have? The most frequent complaint towards my partner or loved one reveals my greatest emotional need. So my most frequent complaint toward my partner or loved one reveals my greatest emotional need, not beer greatest flaw. This is your greatest emotional need.

And asking for this need to be met is hurting you. When you know this and you feel this, everything changes. Do this with all of your relationships, partners, parents, friends example. My partner doesn't touch me a lot. Touches my love language.

I crave his touch. When I feel disconnected, I believe I believe he's withholding love. When I feel bad, I feel like he's rejecting me. So I ask myself, what do I perceive touches? And for me, touches love.

And being wanted. Touch is feeling wanted. And I need more love So therefore, I need more touch, and you don't touch me so you don't love me. See how that narrative starts so quickly. Remember when when you start pulling frighteningly accurate past scenarios from the emotional memory banks, you know, all of a sudden, the evidence comes up and, yep, disconnected.

You're suddenly in fear again, and then You've got old story coming in. If you don't interrupt this story right now, You're just gonna keep attracting more feeling unwanted in this relationship detached alone and in lack. But if I don't communicate that I want to be touched, he will not know. And if I don't acknowledge my suffering, my uning, I will never understand what it is that I truly want. Do not expect this person to read your mind you're suffering, you're earning your silent mood, carrying that hurt around with you because you won't ask the one person who is standing opposite you to give you what you need to feel safe, and loved, and respected, and honored And how could they?

Because you're not doing that for yourself. Oh, that sounds awfully like a call for more self love. Doesn't it? Let's get busy. I'm done with analyzing the fear and I'm done with the avoidance and I'm done with the suffering and done with the ham.

I am. What do I want? It is so much more fun knowing who you are and creating what you want. We'll speak more about boundaries because that's an entire vertical. Speaking up for yourself and words and parents asking for more are coming up later, but I wanna go one deeper.

I want to appreciate his touch, but not needed in order to feel loved and wanted. Remember, this is my body. This is my brain. This is my past filter. The only question you ever need to ask yourself or the person you love is what filter did you hear or perceive that information through?

What old story did attach to for you. Clearly, this is a trigger for me as I am confronted why Why are you crying inside and hurting and going without and feeling less than why? Drama, drama, drama, drama begets, drama, yearning, more drama, emotional addictions, yearning, bottle of emotions, evidence, and now we're psych down again. And our inability to love ourselves enough to even acknowledge our real feelings that our feelings and needs are valid I am here to tell you your feelings are not only valid. Your feelings are powerful.

Your feelings and words and actions are making your reality right now. So change them. The first three areas everyone wants to work on is always love, their body, and their money, and it's not their body. It's always I want love, I wanna lose weight, and I want more money. Cause you think those three things are gonna make you perfect?

Those three things don't make you perfect. Those things give you more options. That's it. These three areas come with so much social status. They are the most faked.

They are the most superficial, and they are the most obsessed over. Love, body, and money. And in the superficial, they really are. You're never gonna get out of those 3. In that superficial realm, love, body, and money, you are never good enough.

There is always someone prettier than you, younger than you, skinnier than you, richer than you, better than you, more like than you, because how could there ever be love in that space? This is just superficial what people perceive me. If I'm if I'm slim or if I've got money, if I've got this relationship, I will be valuable I will be noticed. I will be cherished. I will be respected.

I will be loved. This is not a a bad thing if these three things are in your top priorities and values. I'm not here to judge what you want. If you wanna have a hot body, you have a hot body. If you wanna have a hot partner and and you think having lots of money seems to make you more valuable in this society.

And if that's true, your heart's desire If your heart's desire is to really focus on those 3 things and prioritize them, then wonderful. But in the lie or illusion that if you get those things, you know, that you would get what you want, that you would be loved, that is not true. And in the lie of putting out the self perception of this perfect body and this perfect money and the lies, And, you know, you know, who's swimming naked when the tide goes out and nobody's got savings, and they suddenly are just all ticked up, lose everything that they've got because they weren't really rich at all. They just look rich because everyone wants to look rich and look like they've got a hot body and look, cause that's perfect, isn't it? Money, wealth, social status, relationship, all these fake things don't miss out on real intimacy.

Like, what it's like to be truly intimate with someone. And the true value of creating what feels good and right, but not what looks good on the outside. Because what feels true and good and right is the mind going, I wanna feel this. And the emotions going, I'm feeling this, and the heart going I know, and we're locked in and attracting. And then the focus is showing up every day, and I'm in love with creating my future.

And when I'm in love, I'm attracting it. I don't want a fake relationship on Instagram. It doesn't interest me. I wanna wake up next to someone that knows and that I know what they bring to this table. The honors themselves that demonstrates that that shows up as their authentic fulfilled self into my space when I am in a loving space, demonstrating love boundaries with my own self respect, I desire these things.

I ask for these things, and I received them with gratitude and equal exchange. I do not privately suffer for them. There is nothing in my way anymore. All of my relationships improve when I improve myself. All of your relationships improve when you improve yourself.

When you upgrade, prioritize yourself, and your growth, will never hurt or take away from another person. Now, I said that before, if it does take away from someone, You are not in growth. You're in ego. Check yourself. Because as soon as you go to your ego, you're in competition.

Once you're in competition, you're opposite to creating. When we change and grow, we expect everyone around us to change and grow and we start to focus on their stuckness. Anybody been there yet? Oh, it's coming. Oh, yes.

Suddenly, you're the free one because you've got the information, but you're not actually doing it yet. You're just kind of coming to awareness of it, and suddenly you're telling everybody else how to get into alignment. And you're seeing everybody that's not in alignment around you. The best part is you're seeing everybody not in alignment in your life, and you start telling them how to get into alignment, and they don't wanna change. In fact, they don't even wanna do this workshop.

So it's like, you're not changing. You're preaching. You're not growing. You're expecting somebody else to grow. And, why would you expect somebody else to unstuck themselves because you're wanting them to unstuck you.

That's the mirror resistance or their fear around the work you're doing. Therefore, they might not wanna talk about it. This work is not yours. As a relationship, the self value work is yours first. Stop trying to make someone else change.

Alright? It's so important. If you think your partner is stuck, it's you. Remember, the biggest complaint we hold about our partner is our greatest emotional need. If I'm looking at my partners saying they're not growing, they're not changing, they're not aligned, they're not doing what they're meant to do, I'm making it about them and avoiding the fact that the mirror is me.

So now that you know your greatest emotional need and your partner or that loved one, because you wrote it down. You might not like that. It's true. Go to the mirror. Stop trying to get your partner to fix what you wanna in your life.

And them, you're trying to fix it in them. That's the best part. You're trying to fix it in them because if you believe that they fix it, you will fix. When we fall in love, we see love and acceptance reflected back. And if you hold this person in high regard, I mean, you love them, then they're showing you love back then?

Is that not the most important, most beautiful mirror? There is. I love you. I accept you. I choose you.

They love me. I'm accepted. I'm chosen. I'm loved. I'm important.

I'm valued. Like, I'm loved. Really, we just see love. Reflected back. The same way we see no value reflected back?

So when I fill myself with love, I suddenly see love reflected back. Don't you think the room energy in the room changed. If I'm seeing love reflected back all the way around me, because they have so much of it. It's spilling out of me. Now it's social status and wealth and core values and alignment, and we build lives together, and we love the way they make us feel until they reflect back fear.

Or resentment. Like, somebody tries to take that away, the dark side, and then you start to learn how much this person loves and accepts themselves. And if you are saying that your partner does not love and accept themselves, you're seeing it in you. It's always you. Because it's your brain.

It's your thoughts and your emotions and your fear and your response. The more love you give, no. The more love I have for me The more love I have to give, the more love I get back, tenfold, love is a verb, love is a mad netic force, self love is the purest love you will find in this universe. Fall in love with yourself.

==== End of Transcript: 07 Love ====