==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 21 - Exist in Photographs ====

I wanna challenge you to do this. You know that exist in photographs is my jam because I am a photographer and I wanna teach the world of women and men that they need to exist in photographs for your children, not hide behind them because of this idea that you don't think you're good enough. And so to me, existing photographs really comes down to you need to get in front of the camera and accept how you look right now, your age, your weight, whatever it is that you're hiding from, you need to start celebrating it because if you die tomorrow, your family are gonna look for photographs of you and what are they gonna find? But there's something way more important than a legacy of existing for the next 100 years for your family. The importance is you need to see yourself now.

You need to accept yourself now. You need to stop hiding because the more you hide, the more you realize you're not good enough to stand in front of the camera. This is what most of us face as photographers trying to market our business when we have a society that doesn't feel good enough to be photographed, that's the product I sell. And here's the thing, I can make you look gorgeous, but you need to know what you look like. You need to see yourself, be yourself, accept yourself, experience yourself, and I started to realize the power of the iPhone man checked this out 4 years ago, I started to do this thing, where I took a selfie every single day, every single week for 52 weeks.

You don't have to show anybody It exists on my camera. I went back through these selfies, and what I would do was I would set up my camera and I would take a photograph of myself. And I didn't necessarily share it. I just wanted to take a photograph of myself and try to start liking who I was. And every week, I would go, oh, it's selfie time.

I would make it the same time. I would post a selfie. I would like to start a private Facebook group called 52 selfie that you can create a selfie every week and that you can put it up there just so that you can make yourself accountable for being in front of the camera. And as I started to do it, I started to do my awkward smiles and my weird poses and all sorts of stuff. And and as you can see, there's no confidence in my body.

Hiding my body, but you know what? I'm just trying to accept it at this stage. And as my year goes on, I take more and more photos and I start getting a little bit more ballsy. I start getting a little bit more confident. I'm starting to accept myself a little bit more, and I've started to lose weight.

So I'm seeing myself in the camera, and I'm kind of like, hey, I'm doing okay. By the next part of the year, I'm actually starting to dress up for my selfie. Like I'm actually going to get my hair done and I'm doing my hair myself. I'm learning to smile. I start thinking I'm quite pretty.

And as I start to work through it, I'm also working through the pushing my calories trying to be intuitive listen to my body knowing what I can and can't eat because it makes me feel sick, not because somebody's telling me what I can and can't eat, putting my emotions over here in dealing with my emotions as a separate entity. And then what I start doing is I go beyond even the shyness of starting to realize myself in photographs because I can see I'm holding back in every one of those photographs. I can see I'm smiling, but not really smiling. I can see that I'm putting myself out there, but not necessarily opening myself up, and then I just keep going. I keep going.

And before I know it, my eyes are open. And when I look at a camera now, I don't do a self fulfilling prophecy if this is gonna look like crap. I look at a camera. I drop my front shoulder. I turn my face to the light, and I smile like this.

Because I'm like, do you worst? Do you worst? What's the worst thing that's gonna happen? I'm not gonna like it, and someone's gonna put it on Facebook anyway? I was like, I need to learn how to accept a bad photo as well as learn how to accept a good fit and just be okay with it.

It's who I am. Some days you're in bad light, some days you're in good light, some days you look bigger than sometimes you look smaller than normal, that is not who I am, neither of them are who I am. And as I started to publish my selfies, you know, just on Facebook or my profile shot, I started to see more than just a feeling of openness. I started to see self love reflected back in my images, and then I wanted more self love. And so then what I did was I set up my camera, turned it sideways, put it on video, and I recorded myself talking for 2 minutes.

Do it once a week. I want you to record yourself talking about something you love. It can be your kids, or a job you've did, or a family member, or a situation or tell a story, but you have to talk about something you love. You can't manufacture the talk. You just have to riff on something you love.

So I would put up, my camera would come on and I'd go, I just want to tell you this really cool story. So I was photographing this client on Tuesday, she told me the story and I would just, you know, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, and then I would turn it off and later that night, I'd lie down in bed and I would watch the video. And I would force myself to watch it. And I went from not even being able to get through the first ten seconds. I'd like off off off off to watching the whole thing going, wow, and this incredible thing happened.

I felt a warmth for myself that I'd never experienced before, and I started seeing past what I didn't like passed the double chin, passed the, you know, the fat arm, or whatever I was criticizing myself for, I started to think, I'm kind of funny. And I'm kinda cute and I'm kinda quirky. And yes, I'm older, but I'm forty four. How how young do you want me to look at forty four? And yes, I have wrinkles here.

And sometimes when I talk I talk out of the side of my mouth, which is weird, and I didn't know that, And I like my teeth, you know, even though they're really white, I do like them. They're kind of big but I'm like, you know, I've got great lips, and I started to dislike myself. And now I do it all the time. I record myself and I watch it. And I've changed the way I see myself by just showing myself back.

That is the power of being a photographer. How we I spend my life photographing women showing it back to them, selling them a portrait of themselves so that they can feel good about their inside self when I'm taking a picture of the outside self, but I'm not taking a picture of their outside self because their inside self is sparkling and bright and beautiful, and that's what I'm seeing when I take the picture. And every human being wants to be seen. So it's glorious I have started to see myself in a light that I had not seen before, and you are worthy of that, so start doing it.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 21 - Exist in Photographs ====
