==== Start of Transcript: Personal Brand Notes 02 ====

So the steps I want to take you through for brand as a vertical are identity, truly finding out who you are and what you want, and what direction you want this business to go in. I also make sure there's clarity around how you want your business to operate. For instance, there are physical products that you sell or ship.

There are physical services that you do in person. Then there are digital products, which is anything downloadable. And then there's digital services, meaning any employment you can do digitally and invoice someone digitally and in those four systems of revenue, they all can bring money into your business.

And they all operate in a very different way. And it means if you are going to offer a physical service, um, you know, you are limited to. How much you can offer until you get other people to help you take more. So the next step in growth is to get more people. Um, you are limited to how much you can earn, although you do set the price.

And, um, physical products also come with, um, you know, storage and lots of overhead. So we want to make sure all of the taps of revenue. Are on in our business. And sometimes that means making sure we are providing or earning revenue in all of those revenue systems or just choosing the one or two that suit us and our personal brand.

Um, when it comes time to walk through this personal brand vertical, um, I want to. Show you, as I said, and connect you to your true path and the purpose that you want to create in your business. But I want you to get a very clear vision of how you want to star in your brand and what is your mode of communication?

Do you like to create craft products? Do you like to create video? Do you like to podcast? Do you like to write? Um, do you like to design? And how do you like to create and communicate to your people? And obviously what is your brand story? Truly connecting your purpose, your brand story, your why? Because branding is about making people feel something.

Marketing is making people do something. Let me say that again. Branding is when you make people feel something, that's when you connect them. To your brand and your story does that because like is a likeness and you attract your people. Marketing is when you make, is when you make somebody do something.

Like, um, take this next step, join this, um, group, uh, share this list. You know, win this gift, learn more. That's a next step in marketing, and that's really, really important. Just remember brand perception, self-perception, elevate both and then. We start looking at the second vertical as we are and, and I know there are two types of people that do this workshop.

People who are building a business for the very first time, and they are learning their who they are and what they want and what they can create in this world. And then people who are already in business who are looking at this entire workshop as basically a checkup on where they're going. How they're going so far, they've already been around the first level of creation.

They're coming around starting to look at systems, reevaluate who they are in their brand, if they even exist in it, is it working how they want them to because you haven't failed. If you change it, you're just changing it. And every evolving and remember, as creative solopreneurs, you are ever evolving.

You can evolve your brand, your, you can evolve your personal brand to whatever you want. It doesn't matter because the name doesn't change. Because it's your name. That's the beauty of a personal brand. Now, you don't have to hold to this identity. You think people tell you you should have. You start doing the things you want creatively, you start exploring the work you really want creatively, because what else is there?

It's your brand. You can do whatever the hell you want. Haha. So from from here, we look at the second vertical. The second vertical is products. You've gotta make a product. If you don't have a product, you can't sell anything. And until you have a product, what is there to sell? You know, whenever people say, I can't make it work, I say, cool, what's your product?

And 99% of the time they don't have one. And the ones that do have a product and it's not working, I go, how is it connected? And they say it's not, and then they go, well, then you can't sell anything until you make something and connect it. That's what it comes down to. You've gotta make something and then connect it.

Now I have, my philosophy is show don't tell. Show people what you've made. Don't tell them what you're going to make. Don't share your vision, show them product, and then show how your vision brought you to this incredible product. And then show the result and show how you use it, why you love it, and show how other people love it, and watch that product sell because then you've connected the product to the people and then you can sell it.

Once you've connected it, you can sell anything. If it's not selling, it's not connected yet. And if it's not connected to the people, that means your marketing is non-existent, or it's not speaking clearly. And if it's not connecting to the people, but you are visible. Then it's not connected to you, and that is so palpable.

And if you don't start making products that are connected to you, you get all the way to that end result. Look back and go, I don't even like that product. Well, no wonder it's not selling. Wake up and smell the bacon. You're the one that has to love it. In order for it to have energy, you are the one that has to infuse it with your energy and your power and your value.

And what is your value? Okay. This is the vertical where you are making a product of value. What's a product of value? What makes a product desirable? What makes a product valuable? Okay. What makes somebody want something? It's perceived value. Maybe they want it because it's trendy right now it's like, so in, you've done something really, really in.

Maybe there's exclusivity. There's a waiting list. Oh my gosh, it's hard to get limited edition. Oh my gosh, I'm on the next waiting list. I want it. It's very expensive, but it's VIP. Maybe it solves a problem, a simple problem, and that's what most people buy for 'cause it solves a simple problem. Maybe it's easy to use.

Maybe it's, it's time. It's time rich. So instead of being time poor, this product gives you time back. Maybe it's art and you are just buying it because art is beautiful. Maybe they want it because it's an investment. Maybe it's a shared experience for them and their family to have this, do this, experience this, own this.

Buy this. Maybe it's connected to purpose, your purpose, and they can feel that and it's connected to their purpose. Maybe it's educational. Let's face it. If it's educational, you're teaching me something. Maybe it's a collector's item. Maybe it's simply appreciated. Maybe it's pleasurable. Maybe it tells a story.

Maybe it's valuable because you made it with your hands. Maybe it's valuable because it just feels good. To own it. It just feels good to use it. It feels good to share it, and it feels good to experience it. That's why it's valuable. You know, all of these reasons are what makes something valuable, and you don't have to study these reasons to try and look for one, to connect to the people out there.

What you have to do is decide as you make the product. It. Which one of those value connections belong to you? Which one of them is why you are making this? Let me read it again from a different perspective. Are you making and creating this product because you perceive this as valuable and that's what you love?

You are making it because it's trendy and you are always right on trend. Maybe you are doing this because you want to create an exclusive product that puts you into a black label, VIP status. Maybe it's solved a problem for you and you simply know it's gonna solve a problem for thousands more people, and you've created it for that reason.

Maybe it's because it is easy to use and you've found a better way. Maybe you are creating it just because it is art. And art is life. Maybe you are creating it for an investment. Maybe you created it as a shared experience. Maybe you're creating it because it is connected to your purpose, to your education.

It is a collector's item because you are unique. Um, you created it because you did it with appreciation. It was pleasurable to create. It tells a story and maybe your story. You made it because it feels good and now it feels good that other people can own it and use it and share it and experience it.

That is how you create a product of value when you walk through the vertical, uh, the steps to a product of value. We look at the eight products you can create in the physical and digital space. We look at the eight ways you can monetize an artist by creating systems around them. Sales systems, pricing systems, um, online, e-commerce systems that they can make money without having to sell anything because their primary, um, goal is to just create more art.

I walk a lot through price and profit. The one thing that you need to understand is how intrinsically tied to pricing yourself is to your money value. Because money is a value metric and most people don't understand that until they go to make something. You know, when you make a product, um, whether it's a digital product or a physical product, it comes with a making cost.

Digital products sometimes need licenses and design. You know, and physical products, they, they also need, you know, merchandising. They need to be made, created. Um, craft products need to be made by hand. Most people do not feature the time, the value, the making of the distribution, the storage of, or the shipping of any of these things or products.

So they tend to just put a price that they think is valuable on it. Without the understanding of the cost of goods sold and what the margin is in between, it doesn't take long when you're starting a business to work out that if your margins are not profitable, you don't get paid because it's in that little margin that you actually get paid.

And this is how we learn to grow into big, big businesses by learning the simple truth of the cost of doing business. How much does it cost for you to make. Do this thing and how much can you sell it for? And then you've got to add taxes and know your value. And one of the most incredible things that you learn is that is intrinsically tied to your self value and it's intrinsically tied to the next vertical in business.

And that is money. Because in order to put a price on something and believe that you are worth that, you have to do some work on some money mindset. And make sure that you're not bringing some old programming with you that's going to stop that. Because the two energies that stop money are guilt and shame.

And it's incredible when people start a business and they haven't gone through their money, um, value and energy yet how they bring all that guilt and shame with them into their next journey, not realizing that's gonna stop them in business as you create this next. Evolution in your brand, which is creating the products.

Um, as I said, I want them to be really connected to you and what you love and who you are, because you will feel that down the line in value. It's important that you create from the heart and keep creating from the heart because it's only then that you keep infusing your products and your creative energy and soul with just replenished energy where you don't feel burned out.

Whenever you're burned out, it's because you're not, you're overworking. You need to set some boundaries. You are, uh, usually operating on somebody else's limits and path at that point, and you need to come back to what you want and reset yourself. Make products you value. That's how you make a product of value.

And remember, one thing, value is what I love. What I love has value. It's that simple. What is valuable value is what I love. When you love it, it has so much value. It has all of those things that I just told you, and people can feel it and they will love it and enjoy it for whatever reason they engaged with it for, and it might be different to yours.

It does not matter. They paid you for it and that was an equal exchange of value. You know, one of the big. Steps in verticals for personal brand is learning that vertical. Number three is money. And you know when you start to really break down, money is energy and it flows. It's a byproduct of living a very passionate, fulfilled life.

And when you're connected to what you do and you feel valuable. You feel valuable doing it. You feel valuable creating. You're asking for money in equal exchange of value, and you're hitting every value point in these verticals. Then money flows towards you. How can it not, you know, it just keeps coming.

Money makes you more of what you already are, so it doesn't change people. So whatever you're doing with money now, you will do with money as you ask for more. And the law of, you know, attraction, the law of asking for more states that I will get exactly what I ask for no more and no less. But if you have not done the work to receive it, you simply can't keep it.

It'll come towards you and go. That's why people win Lotto and lose it straight away. It's like they don't change their money mindset. And they just let go of it. It's absolutely incredible repelling energy. And once you learn that you can work on all of this and you can, you can usually figure out that whatever bad money juju you've got came from mom and mom or dad, one of your social curators, let's face it.

And once you work that out, you just start addressing, these are not my, these are not my beliefs. And you can start working through it. And trust me, you can change your money situation. And I would like to think that I've broken a cycle of generational poverty in my family. I certainly know the next, my siblings are good and my next generation of, um, nieces and nephews are all having money, conversations, and education now in the most extraordinary way, and also about their personal brands because as everyone grows into their next phase, the personal brand is the way forward for all creatives.

Which is super exciting. So you gotta get your money sorted out, and again, we're back to you. You know, everybody thinks well, I'll just create a business and then I'll make money. But it doesn't work like that In a business, you've gotta create a product of value, and if you don't feel valuable, you can't create one, then you've gotta sell one and say, this is a product of value.

But of course, if you don't feel valuable, you can't say it's valuable because you don't believe it. And because you don't feel valuable doing it, you don't turn up to it every day excited to do it. So how could you create anything with joy if you don't just do this simple thing, show up in joy. So yeah, every day your job is to create more value.

And if I told you you could make millions and millions of dollars. If you changed your old mindset or whatever, mom and dad told you about money and started to just focus on what you want and walking towards that every single day instead of what you don't have and what's your money? Quadruple, tenfold.

It's just the law of it's, it's just the truth. It's how it works. If you've got a it's focus and emotion, all manifestation comes down to focus and emotion, all manifestation. Comes down to these simple steps. It's what you are focused on every day and how you feel about it. You know, I talk a lot about the wheel of misfortune and how people need to set boundaries around money and all the layers to money from being a survivor, living week by week to an investor.

But the one thing that broke me from poverty mindset into a self-employed mindset that makes millions of dollars. Was simply this idea that I was worth that and I created products of value and, you know, they were products that I was so infused with love and they came, that was true story for me. And just watching my money completely change from what I, what I focused on was what I didn't have.

And to, um, just what I want to create and then creating that every day. And then again, that's how the money showed up as a byproduct, which is extraordinary. And it works exactly that truth, which is amazing.

You know, what I'm really saying to people is you can't sell a product until you value the product. So connect to the product. And you can't sell the product and ask for money and keep money if you don't value yourself. This is a, a truth. And so that means the first two big steps of personal brand is, you know, elevating your self perception so that your brand perception can be more and more valuable.

The second step is creating a product of value so that you can proudly share that product, whatever it is, whether it's a product, a craft, an experience, a digital product, a physical product, a service, doesn't matter what it is. It's so easy to share a product of value when you love it and you love who you are.

And then that third big money step. That you are able to free yourself of limiting beliefs around money. Get yourself outta debt, get focused on money, direction, and value, and really start creating revenue streams into your personal brand that make money while you sleep. Digital products that sell overnight, connected, valuable products that make money so that you're in demand.

That so that you have VIP lists and waiting lists. And instead of trying to sell on social media, you're just there to entertain and engage, and you do all the selling on the platform that you're bringing people to because they're coming to your personal brand because there's so much there. But know that that money, that money will stop you from unlocking the fourth level in business.

You can create a brand around you online for nothing but time. You can say that you have a whole lot of products and even do them. It doesn't mean you are making any profit on them, but until you sort out that level, number three, that ability to price yourself. Ask for money, manage money, keep money.

Until you learn to get over your money blocks, you will go no further in business. Until you break through some old beliefs around money and start to look at flow and creation and abundance and growth, you will get stuck here on level three, never breaking through, wondering why you can't attract clients or get to the next level.

You shall not pass. And this is a warning, a big warning, don't man, don't, don't fail in business. Because you wouldn't break through some old beliefs about money when there are thousands of books about it. Thousands change your mindset, shift your mindset, shift your focus and emotion. That's the one thing you have to do is shift your focus and emotion.

And if you can shift your focus and emotion every day, what you focus on grows exponentially. How can it not? You're focused on it in a positive energy. You're showing up to it every day in that energy. It's extraordinary. And when you do it because you love doing it well, that's just heart activated authenticity.

And there is no greater, greater attraction energy on the planet than activated heart. You know, I wanna just walk you through the steps to manifestation, because most people think. You're supposed to sit on the couch and say, I want a Ferrari, and keep your hands down your pants. But manifestation is like this.

It starts with thought and that thought is, oh, I, I think I might wanna do that. Have that own that, become that, do this, build this, whatever. It's just a thought. And in that thought, there is creation and you know, in there that moment you kind of start to get a vision for it. Because if you spend enough time thinking about something you really want, not ning for it, creating it in your mind just thinking about it, then that thought becomes a vision and, and that vision becomes clarity.

And as you start to really get this clarity and you're like, I want this, you start to speak it out. You start to tell people, talk about it in this, in this speaking out comes truth. And in this truth is authenticity. And in that authenticity is a high vibration. So in that moment, truth is coming out.

People cannot only hear it, they can feel it, and suddenly the energy around you starts to shift. Because what you say has power, and then all of a sudden there's truth and there's certainty. Once you hit certainty, then the next step is connection. Now the heart is activated. That is conviction. You now have gone from creation to clarity, to certainty and conviction.

Now your heart wants what your heart wants, and right now that is activation and most people do not spend their whole life. Getting into that kind of alignment in every area of their life. And when they do, they will activate love in every area of their life. The next step is congruency. Because here's the thing, uh, when you have connection and you have truth, you have vision and truth and connection, it forces action because that is alignment and alignment forces action.

How can it not? Because everything you think, say, and are in love with are connected, and that's when you start to do what you want, live how you want, love how you want work, how you want. The next step is creativity, and you honor it every day. Creativity is your feelings. Creativity is your feelings. It's the same energy center in the body.

And every day you honor your feeling and you honor your feeling. You honor yourself. You honor your creativity every single day. I honor myself. I honor my feelings. I honor my creativity. It finishes next manifestation with gratitude. And so it goes from thought to vision, to truth, to connection, to action.

To honor, I honor it every day, so I show up to it. That's commitment. And once you're committed to something, you're committed to something your heart wants. It's easy to be committed to something when your heart is willing and every day you show up to it. And that consistency is there every single day.

That is alignment. And the last step in manifestation as gratitude, because now I get to have. The things that I thought and then visualized and then spoke and connected to, and then experienced, and I honored them every day. And now I wake up with the gratitude of enjoying them. Of having them, of owning them, of experiencing them, of having the memories of having the connections, everything.

That I have ever bought to fruition through vision, through truth and connection. That was mine had great value, and as I learned that I could create such magnificent value in the world old

then I realized that I was indeed valuable myself. And then the cycle of manifestation and alignment starts again. You start with a new thought and a new vision and a new truth, and there's more connection and deeper action and deeper honor and greater gratitude, because now I know the path to manifestation.

So how does manifestation apply to money? We're still on our third vertical. Our third vertical is money. You're going to think about this thing that you are creating, and you're going to form a clear vision in your mind. But I want you to focus on the creation of this path, not the money that will come with it.

Don't focus on money. Focus on creation. The money straight after it. Everything comes with a price tag. Don't worry about that. Um. But focus the energy on the vision of what you want. Speak it out. Connect it to your heart. Follow through with the action the next logical step, congruency every day. Honor that.

Reconnect to your creativity, to your feelings. Re-empower the connection. To this cycle and then honor that creativity and then finish your day with some act of gratitude no matter what it is, because you will watch your world and your money change when you start walking that path to manifestation.

Stay in alignment every day. The fastest way to do that is build a brand that's yours. Build it around you with your rules and your energy and your authenticity. Make it yours. And like I said, when you ask people what they want, they always say, I want more love and I want more money. And I know that what people are saying is, I want more people to love me and I want more love in my life, and I want more money to do things.

I want more money to do things with the people I love, and it is true. It is about love and money. So let's look at it like this. It's about loving yourself and letting the money flow because you know you are worth. Finally, love and money go hand in hand because money follows love. Money follows value.

Money follow follows a direction of value. Once you start to value yourself, your business will change. Your products will sell, your brand will grow, and you will stay in alignment every single day with what you do.

==== End of Transcript: Personal Brand Notes 02 ====
