==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 06 - Tipping Point ====

I ask people, what is your rock bottom and what is your tipping point? What is your rock bottom and what is your tipping point for If we back up a little bit, I wanna acknowledge 2 things. One of them is before you change, you will create a negative situation. We never just leave a relationship that is done. We hate them for a while first.

Right? Sometimes for 20 or 30 years, and then someone dies. And then it's like, well, that was a rough marriage, but we never just change. So acknowledge your tipping point could be I force negativity in order to get the support that I wish I had, and the irony is is when you buy into your own drama, you get the support you need. And the other one is my tipping point only tips when there's nobody else to tip the scale.

My tipping point moment is only when I am left alone and survival is my only option. That is when we turn our own corner. But you have the power today to decide what dream it is you want to tip. You have the power today to decide to stop being in debt. You have the power today to decide to start earning money.

I know because I turned this in a day. Let me tell you an amazing tipping point story. One of my friends heard my tipping point story when I got down to $5 and had to buy the $3 50 bus, and I literally had a dollar 50. I'm in Australia, my family are in New Zealand, and I had no option, nobody to call, no 5050, no phone a friend, no lifeline. In that moment, I had nothing and I knew I had I had screwed up.

Had nobody to rescue me. So she heard this story. And 3 years later, she had left a job paying $85 a year and she'd gone and started her own business and promptly had just survived on $300 a week for that year, knowing full well that she was failing, that she was not saving any tax money, she was under minimum wage, and she was trying to make it work, but looked fabulous on Facebook. So 12 months later, she was driving her car home, and she got pulled over by a cop, and the cop looked at her registration on her car and her registration was overdue. And she didn't even realize.

And he said, that's, that's $700 you need to call this number and pay that now. You can't leave with your car. Until you pay that registration. And he went back to his cop car and she sat in the car and realized in that moment that she didn't have $700 in her bank. And she just didn't know what to do.

So she started crying. And she started crying, and then she called her mom crying. Now her mom hears her crying, And she says, oh, no, let me pay that for you. And she gives you her credit card and she pays the debt. And then she's like crying and, like, paid it off.

Thanks, mom. You know, I'll make sure I pay you back. Oh my gosh. This is such a horrible situation to be in, the humiliation, the shame, the anger, the cop comes back to the to the window, gives her the ticket, and she gets the registration, proves it. He says you can go home with your car and then gives you a fine for $750 for driving without a registration.

So it's like, yes, I'm down. So you kick me, kick me in the face. Because I'm about right now, I'm I can't take any more humiliation, any more shame, or ask my mother for any more money. And she said, in that moment, I just sat there and I remembered your tipping point, and I thought there is no one I can call now. Like, I've that my mom, that 700 bucks, that was it.

There's not more. And she said she drove home in that moment no differently than I lay in that bed for 3 days, and she said, and in half an hour, she made a decision. I will not struggle to get money again. I am with getting paid, and I am going to get paid. She said she got to the door of her house and she walked in that house and she said, I decided.

And the same way I decided that that was never going to happen to me again. Now people asked me to, like, break that down. There is no breakdown. She decided, I took 3 days to decide. She took half an hour.

And she has never looked back. She has had a business that took off. She now earns twice as much as she used to. And her tipping point was knowing that there was no other option, but today, if you do anything, decide Now decide, but now know that the path towards it is gonna have some pain on it. But I've already told you that you know it's there, so here's the here's the rub.

You can get here. You just have to walk this path, this path of pain, and you can handle it. Because it is better or greater than the pain here. You see, we only ever want something that's going to take us away from here. We only walk away from something when we do not want what we've got anymore.

But you must decide, and then you must start walking. And nobody is going to be there to catch you. There will be times on that pain path that will hurt like all hell, You it might cripple you for a few days. It might put you down. It might make you sick.

You might go to your coping mechanisms. You might start smoking again. You might over drink. You might, you know, do a whole lot of different things. You might want drugs.

You might want a whole lot of different coping methods. Mechanisms that are just gonna take you away from the pain, but I'm telling you right now you've decided, start walking. Start walking, my friend. And as it comes up, every time it comes up, yes, I don't believe in myself means I haven't tried yet. Okay?

And every pain, every pain that comes up, I've got an answer for it. You will experience the same drama in your life until you don't need it anymore. That is like a serious glitch in our mainframe. I don't know why that is even fear. It's not.

That's not fair. You will experience the same drama in a different way, the same drama with a different person, the same lesson with a different spouse, the same lesson with a different friend until you learn that you don't need it anymore. And that is frightening because that means you can't avoid that person. You need to go through it. Not around it.

You cannot avoid the pain to get where you want to go. But you know what? When you make a decision to go after something, to get something, when you make a decision, that is what I want, that is an extraordinary power. And I watch people come into their own decision making, and I can hear it in their voice. It is absolute.

It is already done. I am walking towards it. It is not, I want to have financial freedom. It's I have cut all spending. I have cut all overgiving.

I am no longer paying for people in my life that do not deserve to be there. I am keeping money for myself. Does that sound like somebody who made a decision? Yes. I don't asking.

I'm not asking for your permission. Do you do you think I could save more money? If I do this, I'm not asking you to validate me, and I'm not asking you to empower me. I'm empowered. I've made a decision.

This is what going to do in order to get where I wanna go, now I'm gonna walk this path, and yes, the pain that's gonna come up is a lot of people that don't like what I've decided. And I'm sorry, but the decision that was best for me, unfortunately, is the worst for you, and I chose me. I put myself first now. I value myself more than I value you. And yes, I love you.

You're my brother. You're my sister. You're my best friend. I love you, but I cannot live for you, I need to walk my own path right now, and me supporting you was distracting me from what I'm supposed to be doing for myself. And now I'm walking my own path.

Yes, there will be people that do not like it. Here's something really interesting. I went to a meeting about 8 months ago, and it was a negotiation who likes negotiations, no one Oh, please negotiate your value in dollars to a board of directors. So I sat there and, oh, it took me or 4 days to prepare myself for this negotiation, and it went terribly. I did not even get offered Half of what I thought I was worth, what I thought I was telling myself that I was worth, I didn't get off at half, and when I did tell them what I was worth, they laughed at me straight out laughed at me.

So the shame, the humiliation in my body was so so huge in that moment. I left this meeting, and I could barely walk out the door. I was walking down the street, and I was like, The pain was coming into my body, and the old story was firing up, and the ninety seconds was just getting jet propulsion, and then all of a sudden this this voice in the back of my head was just sitting there going and they were never gonna get it. They were never gonna take it. Why did you say so much?

You're not worth that and it starts going and then all of said, and all my bells and whistles are going off, and I'm walking through this park. And, you know, it's kind of like filled with people on this sunny day, and I'm standing in the middle of this park and this voice inside says, this always happens to you. This is when you're the strongest, when you get kicked down, surprise, you stand up, this is where you work the best, you stand up, this is where you survive, this is where you stand up, and you show them that you're worth ten times more and then you look at them and you say thank you, you empowered me because you told me I couldn't do it. And I went and did it myself and this fight had started to come up and it was coming out swinging and I stopped and I'm standing in this park and then all of a sudden this journey song jumped at my head and I was like, Here I am again on my own. And this homeless dude was like, like a drifter.

I was born to walk alone. And I said, thank you, because I didn't know the next line. And it's so weird that that's the next line because I don't even know why I'm singing this song, and then all of a sudden I thought, this makes me angry because when people don't believe in me, I have to believe in me, And I just stood there and at parks, singing that duty song with my entourage. And And it was just such a bizarre moment because I was like, why do I have to get to breaking point before I'll change something? Why do I have to feel so isolated and alone and not good enough before I make something happen for me?

Like, why? Why can't I just make it work? Why couldn't they value me? Why couldn't they value me? And you know what?

If you miss a train, if a train goes past your station, it wasn't your train. But I made that about rejection. I made that about not being good enough. I made that about my story. I made that about being the little girl that has to like, stand on her own and do it all herself, and I told myself I had to do it that way because nobody in this world is gonna help you, Sue Bryce, nobody.

You're on your own. You just that little girl from South Auckland that needs to come out swinging because nobody's gonna give you a free lunch nobody's gonna give you a free ride, you got nothing, sister, you got no education to speak up, you get up there, and you work hard, and you make shit happen. I didn't have an option. I just felt in that moment that that was the thing that turns my my engines on. So why do I need to be in darkness before I rise And now all of a sudden, breaking this down to teach it to you, the most extraordinary thing that I can see over and over again is the pain is my friend.

The pain tips me, the pain pushes me, the pain empowers me now, the pain motivates me, and yet the pain is still disempowering The pain is still crippling you. It's still hurting you. It's still holding you back. Now I can stand in my pain and do it anyway. I can send that invoice.

Can I tell you a story about that invoice? They rejected it. But not enough. And I just ate a packet of cookies. They sent me an email back and said invoice rejected.

Of course, I read that fell like somebody's stabbed me in the face. Invoice rejected. Please resubmit at 2a half 1000 more. That is what we budgeted for. And I I sat there going like this.

But I'm suddenly, like, writing this massive speech about pain. And all of a sudden, I realized that everything that you're about to face, everything you're about to walk towards everything you're about to change is gonna come at you with a massive amount of pain, and I want you to be ready for it. Because you know what? Every time I break through a pain bear to get where I want to go. The pain that I went through is not as bad as where I was.

And the pain that I had to go through to get it does not hurt as much as the pain of being stuck because I would rather be moving in pain than stagnant and some false avoidance of joy. I would rather be in pain giving it everything I've got, swinging, fighting, and singing journey in a park than sitting at home, having a of perpetual and consequence. And I would rather matter to me. Then give up.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 06 - Tipping Point ====
