==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 13 - Bullying ====

So let's look at bullying because I know you wake up one day and you're being bullied, you're being trolled, whatever it is bullying, bullying, bullying, bullying, bullying. And it is rife in our social media, especially when somebody can be anonymous on Twitter. They can attack you. They can attack their business. They can be completely anonymous.

And hurt you like nobody's business with one tweet. My first reaction to being bullied now is, okay, hurt, cry, possibly eat, comfort, self serve, calm down, talk about it with my friends, reason it, And at that moment, the reaction to being hurt, I'm right in it. Like I'm being shut at, I'm the street to drive by shooting. It came up fast, bang, bang, bang, ouch, ouch, ouch, some bleeding. I wanna talk to my friends.

I wanna eat a pound cake. I wanna respond. I wanna come out fighting, I wanna fight back, and then I remind myself to calm down, calm down. There is no response to pain. Only love.

Pain, more pain. If I attack, it's just more pain, so I'm gonna come back with love. So then I always come back to you disempowered me for a moment, but only long enough for me to see what my weakness was. Because if what you said hurt me, it's because it's true. It only hurts when it's true.

So you did not give me pain, you simply bought back a very familiar pain. Do you understand? You did not give me pain. You bought back a familiar and that pain sits close to the surface. And when you shot me, you bought up my pain.

So that's my first compassion. That is a compassion for myself. First of all, I understand that they are not attacking me they are simply bringing up my pain. And now I have to acknowledge that I'm not letting it go, which means it's hurting me. My next one is I choose to grow through the pain instead of becoming a victim again.

Okay? You only serve to empower me and in turn I'm going to empower others. I accept the truth in your bullying, and I'm truly sorry if I hurt you a way that you needed to strike out at me, but I can see the mirror and I can see the message. I will talk more about this in the loving yourself, but there is a nice bit. I will talk more about this in the loving yourself part, but what I really have to say is as the pain comes into your body, The first thing you need to do is rise above it.

You need to see it for what it is separate you and them first of all. First, you separate their part in it, then you separate your part in it. If it hurts you, it's because it's true. There's a truth there that hurts you. So remember, you did not give me this pain.

You just bought back an old pain. Alright? And that is very, very important. Because what's gonna happen is you're gonna feel victimized. You're gonna tell an old story.

You're going to empower your 90 seconds with an old story. You're going to stop walking your path to your dreams because that was one of your pain hits along the path, and you are not going to wake up to the fact is just showing you something. It's showing you something really basic and simple and something you can change. Now you will not elevate yourself as a bully by putting me down. That's not true.

You do elevate yourself because when you bully someone, you empower yourself. I'm bigger than you. I'm stronger than you. I'm greater than you. I can speak whatever I want.

I can say whatever I want about you. I more than you are, you know, you instantly put somebody down in order to raise yourself up, and that's such a that's such an interesting concept to understand. So will you elevate yourself by putting me down? Yes, you will, but I have compassion for you because I realize you need to elevate yourself. You only elevate yourself when you need validation.

You only elevate yourself when your ego needs to be to the next level and you don't know how to get there. So you do it by elevating through your ego. You attack in order to elevate your ego in order for you to make a change and go to the next level, you lord over people, you lord over people with money, you lord over people with with intelligence, your law you will lord over people by bullying them by making them smaller than you so you can appear bigger. Now before you become the victim, that's the small one looking up at the big bully who's elevating themselves, imagine for one minute you're the bully. You're the bully.

Imagine you need to push somebody down in order to rise up. You've all done it. You just don't know. Imagine you're at home and you're not on So you're not publicly bullying someone. You turn around and you go, I don't think she's all that anyway.

I mean, I didn't even like her work. You are putting someone down to elevate yourself. Imagine that you go, did you hear what she said? Did you see what she was wearing? Did you see what she looked like?

Oh my god, he thinks he's so amazing. I heard him going around telling everybody he's this, this, and this, and this. You are bullying them right now. You're just not saying it to their face. You are making someone smaller in order to be bigger.

And here's the thing I forgive you. In that moment, I feel compassion for you. Because what I want to do is take that bully in you and say, you don't need to put someone else down to be bigger. I can make you bigger without having to elevate your ego. I can make you more.

I can make you successful. I can show you that you're good enough. I can show you that you're big enough, good enough, fast enough, smart enough, valuable enough to make money. I can show how to elevate yourself without putting another human being down. And yet to be bullied, we think is one of the worst situations she can be in, and yet you're doing it daily.

And you know, the worst bully? Is the bullying to yourself? You push yourself around, give yourself a hard time, talk back to yourself, criticize yourself. You say things to yourself. You never say to your child.

You're doing it to elevate yourself. I no longer look at bullies and see a strong, powerful, hurtful person. I look at bullies now and I see somebody who needs to go to the next level and doesn't know how. And I also totally want to elevate them. I can have compassion.

Ah, wait. Read that last line. I can have compassion for you, but If I'm being bullied and it's upsetting me, the truth is is I need to elevate myself. Okay. So there's the irony.

I'm gonna bring it back to you. If somebody's bullying you, you're the one that needs to be elevated. They're bullying me. They're saying these things about me. You're disempowering yourself, and the truth is you are the one that needs to be elevated, and that's why the mirror that you're constantly being fed needs to be rechecked on a daily basis.

You are a bully You are being bullied. You are bullying yourself. You are being a victim. You are all of those things. I read a beautiful story about a teenage boy who is being bullied for being gay, young, thirteen, fourteen, and these kids at school were calling him a faggot.

And throwing stones at him, calling him a faggot. His mum sat him down and said, what does this word mean? And he told her. And she said, what does the correlation mean? Right?

Why do you think they're saying it to you? And he's like, because I'm small and I'm week, and I guess I'm kind of feminine, and they relate that to that word. And she was like, okay, do you see that you are those things, and he was like, yes. The next day, the bullying stopped, she taught him how to accept what her bullies were seeing as being his truth. It's okay.

I am kind of small and feminine. And straightaway, the energy shifted, and he was no longer being bullied. Because you are a victim in that moment. Yes. But you're disempowering yourself.

You're disempowering yourself and you're not seeing the lesson, and the lesson is you need to be elevated. Just like your bully needs to elevate themselves, so that means the person bullying you, you're the victim, they're the bully, same energy. You both need to go up a level, and neither of you know how. So you're playing a victim, they're playing the bully, and the 2 of you are contributing perfectly to that energy. So when I say, look at that person and ask, what are they doing?

Am I doing it? The first thing you would answer is I'm not bullying anyone. And that's not that's not the right answer. The right answer is they are putting me down to elevate themselves I am putting me down and need to elevate myself, same energy. And it changes everything.

Because we judge everything good and bad in our society by how disempowered and how empowered you are, and the truth there's is you're both. You're doing both constantly at a constant level and you need to bring it into balance. Now there's something that you need to understand when somebody is hateful because recently I had the situation where I had to love somebody that was being hateful to my friends, and I we were talking about this person at dinner and the conversation became hateful. So we as loving human beings were having a hateful conversation about a hateful man. So we were being hateful, hateful.

And when the conversation turned to hateful, I felt this energy in my body and I stopped and I said, We need to stop talking about this person, and we need to say three things we love about him. And all four of us sit there like this. Always. Well, You know, we're all and I was like, look at us. We're all him.

We're being him. We are him. So I decided he's he burns bridges, so he is a hard worker, and he's very tenacious in very ambitious, and I I admire both his qualities in a human being. He loves his wife. And I was like, he might not love many other people, but he loves her, and that's okay.

I admire that. And He's very talented, obviously, because he's doing really well for himself, and he's making it work. So I tried to think of the three things that I admire about him. I found them. And you need to understand this.

My heart is bigger than your hate. My heart is bigger than your fear. My heart is bigger than anything you have. My heart is bigger than your struggle, than your nastiness, than your bullying. My heart is bigger.

I can love you. And I'm going to love you no matter what you do, I'm gonna find a way because if I hate you, I become you. And my heart is bigger. My heart is so big that I could fill this room, this city, this country, this woo, with love and compassion and so can you. And I choose not to stealth to tell a story of hate.

I choose to tell a story of love and heart is so big, I can transcend it. And I might be bought back by your fear, and I might be bought back down by your hate and I might be brought back down by your pain, but inevitably my heart is bigger than your pain. And I can make I can heal it. I can make it better.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 13 - Bullying ====
