==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 13 - Acceptance ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, Sue. How's it going?

Sue Bryce | Very good. Thank you. How you doing?

Nikki Closser | I'm good. I know I always say this. But this is one of my favorite segments. Like, for real, it's it this and money, I think, are probably the very tip top segments for me.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Because I think now you actually start to do the work. And, also, you start to see really big results when you work with both money because you really do see money shifts. As soon as you shift your mind, you see money straight away. The same way that when things are going bad, it shows up in your money straightaway.

Sue Bryce | It when things are going good, it shows up in your money straightaway. It's such a direct proportion to what you're focused on. So to me coming into acceptance, is a whole new world. And I would just like to say when people ask me what is love, I describe love as being acceptance. So anything we bring into acceptance now in this realm is self love.

Sue Bryce | Its forgiveness, its love for others, its compassion, its empathy, and everything we talk about now has to be about having all of those feelings for ourselves regardless of where we're at. So this is the shadow self, the parts we hide, the avoidance behavior that we don't wanna own, that we keep secret that gets out of control and starts to become addictions and personas. It's about bringing all the things that you deny about yourself to the light, accepting them and loving them. So all love is acceptance. I'll prove it by this.

Sue Bryce | If I'm loved by someone, I'm special. I'm chosen. They love me. Right? And when it's love, love, you know, romantic love, They chose me.

Sue Bryce | Over all of you, I'm better than everybody here. They chose me. That's acceptance. You know, family acceptance is the same to be accepted as who you are as an individual in your family, not who your family wants you to be. That's such

Nikki Closser | a good point.

Sue Bryce | Right. So if you live with this people pleasing, I just want to please my family and be the thing they want me to be. You're not pleasing yourself. You're not loving yourself. You're out of alignment with what you want, and you might be in somebody else's alignment, but that's not also bear acceptance of you.

Sue Bryce | So maybe we hide so much of ourselves that we think is unacceptable And, yeah, this is a big conversation because this is the moment where you have to take responsibility for how you treat and feel about yourself and what you believe you're worth or comes down to what I accept about myself.

Nikki Closser | Well, like you just said, sometimes we often we hide the things that we think people won't accept. But, you know, throughout this segment in the in the talks you did, it is about either accepting it or changing it, not continuing to live in this space of whatever.

Sue Bryce | And you only change it by accepting it. So let's talk about changing it because Everybody wants to change something. You know, often people say, I wanna lose a £100. It's like, okay. You can only lose £2 a week, even if you're focused on weight loss.

Sue Bryce | But True. The idea is if I do this thing, I'm acceptable. So we have all these conditions that are just so unrealistic. Remember, the, The throat, Chakra, specifically, is about how we express ourselves, speaking up for ourselves communication, but it's also self truth. You must speak self truth.

Sue Bryce | I was reading, I read a quote recently that said after thirty years old, you should practice ultimate truth with yourself. Like, if you hear yourself telling a story that's a little, you know, over exaggerated or it happened to somebody else, but you've inserted yourself into it, or you're expanding on the story. You know, you have to ask, why why am I not being truthful? Because the truthfulness for yourself has to be the biggest truth. So I believe friendships really come down to if you can hold space for me, and you love me, I should be able to bring my shame to this table, put it down in front of you, and have you accept me in that moment and accept that I have this thing and then hold space for me while I removed the shame from it.

Sue Bryce | Now if I tell you something and you feel shame or I trigger your shame, Or you tell me I should be ashamed. You're not holding space for me in a loving way. You're triggering your own shame here. So instantly, I'm going to stop talking and stop bringing this to the light. I love there's a little book you can buy and her name is Cherry Hube.

Sue Bryce | She's actually a monk. She teaches workshops and classes and write these gorgeous little books and handwriting, and they're just so easy to read. And she wrote this book called, there is nothing wrong with you.

Nikki Closser | I like that.

Sue Bryce | There's nothing wrong with you. Like, you're not broken. And in it, she says, bring out the ugly thing. It's it's like a drawing of a monster. So I always think of the big blue monster in monster, zinc, could

Nikki Closser | be

Sue Bryce | massive, and he looks like a big monster but he's really cute and friendly and beautiful and loving. And the truth is is this ugly thing that you hide that you do not accept about yourself, is this monster in your closet? And once you bring it out, you're gonna learn 2 things. You are not alone in how you feel. You know, your feelings are unique to you, but you are not alone in how you feel.

Sue Bryce | And whatever you think you're alone in There is so many people around you feeling exactly the same way, doing the same behavior, feeling the same shame. You're not alone. And the second one is it's not something you cannot accept about yourself. It's just not It's just that you think it's something unlovable about you, so bring it to the light. I had to bring so much of my shame forward.

Sue Bryce | But then when I bought it forward, I would speak with a a crying voice, you know, like, I would be like, And people do it all the time in my workshops. They'll, you know, put up their hand with a question, and they'll start talking about their debt. And they'll be like, and they had lip tramples, and if things just go bright red and the tears flow. And I'm like, why are you crying right now? And they're like, because I have this debt.

Sue Bryce | And I'm like, no. It's because you have a secret. And it's a secret you're ashamed of. Once you shared the secret, most people in the room was like, oh, I have debt too. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | You know, like, oh, I'm getting rid of my and it all of a sudden, people were just free of this shame. So acceptance is about taking what you hide the most and finding a way to say it that makes you like everybody else, and you'll be very pleased to know that you're good company?

Nikki Closser | Well, it's interesting because when you talk about the, you know, holding up a mirror. So if there's something someone else is doing that you don't like, likely you are also doing it. I feel like this is kind of a good way to really start bringing some of this to the forefront.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So what is it that I have? Asked since our last talk about mirror mirror.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And especially mirror mirror in your relationship because the when when I say that whatever you most resent about your partner holds your greatest emotional need, that people saw that mirror and were like, straightaway, that was the most profound awakening. But then the other merit is when other people's behavior is annoying you. Yeah. Or when you want other people to get into alignment, That means you need to get into alignment. Or when you want other people to change, that means you're not moving.

Sue Bryce | Or when you're reserved for other people are not doing something, you're not doing something. So when that behavior annoys you, you do it, and that's cool. That's how to learn. But a lot of people are getting mistaken with when they're in a relationship that needs a solid boundary or when somebody is hurtful or abusive or crawl or nasty or gaslighting, that's not mirrored behavior. That is a call to put up a boundary to stop this person from speaking to you a certain way.

Sue Bryce | Now Right. Once you set that boundary, the only mirror you should should look at is what was I doing in my behavior? Was I being submissive? Was I being subordinate? Was I acting in a way that they felt like they could run all over me, or did they have some anger towards me that they needed to communicate they were just taking shot.

Sue Bryce | The only mirror you should look at is what was I doing in this dynamic, you know, was I being honorary, was I being loving? Was I being was I listening? Was I not listening? What was I doing? Because you can adjust your behavior but I think it's very important to understand that when somebody's attacking you, being mean to you, being cruel to you, that's not a mirror of behavior.

Sue Bryce | That is a straight boundary to do not treat me this way. Mhmm. Do not speak to me this way. I'm going to leave the room because clearly you are being unreasonable or angry right now. I'm gonna let you cool down and we can talk about this later.

Sue Bryce | Like, that boundary is completely different than just seeing behave you're married back.

Nikki Closser | Right. Well, what okay. So and I know we talk about this in the forum and the community, but, you know, what would be a distinction between okay, this is my mirror and behavior versus this is when I need to put up a boundary. Like, how do we know the difference?

Sue Bryce | Oh, okay. So when somebody hurts me or does something, like, in a way that I have to set a boundary with them, I'm going to leave hurt Okay? And I'm gonna leave hurt about it, and I'm going to it's a direct attack to me. It's gonna make me feel bad, like, I'm going to be like, I did not like the way I was treated. I did not like the way I spoken to.

Sue Bryce | Was I come? You know, was I being ran was I being open, making sure that I wasn't coming to this confrontation, closed off, gaslighting, stonewalling, walking away, making sure I was there present. If I'm just getting this behavior towards me, I'm like, I need to set a boundary right now. But when it's something that I just wake up and I get into a loop over, so it's not like something I should set a boundary over. It's something you're doing.

Sue Bryce | Let's say you're doing it. And let's say you're doing it online. You're not even doing it to me. I'm just seeing something you're doing, and I'm getting annoyed by it. And I might even say, Why is Nikki doing that?

Sue Bryce | Who who does Nikki think she is? What is she doing that for? That's really weird. That's when I use Mara behavior because I'm like, wait, am I doing that? Because clearly I'm annoyed you're doing it.

Sue Bryce | So am I doing it? I'm doing it. Yeah. But, like, the whole being attacked or being verbally assaulted or abused or being spoken to in a way that is, no, that needs a boundary. It needs to you need to remove yourself from the situation as soon as you can.

Sue Bryce | So I think that's a really important distinction.

Nikki Closser | It is. And I I feel like it this can be really hard for people to the whole concept of that it's that it's me. I don't know if it's because we just put up defense mechanisms. It's painful to realize that it was us this whole time. Like, why are people have such a difficult time saying, okay.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. It was me and taking that responsibility.

Sue Bryce | Okay. Cause when you do something that annoys me, I'm judging you. Which means I'm judging me. Yeah. So obviously when I say, wait, do I do that?

Sue Bryce | I'm like, oh, no. Oh, that shameful. I do see that. I I'm ashamed. I was shaming you for your behavior.

Sue Bryce | That's really what I'm doing is I'm telling you what you're doing is not right. It's not acceptable, but only because I feel shame. So I should acknowledge the reason I'm responding to you is because I feel shame. And that's a really good thing to, see in yourself because once you start to see the things that annoy you out there, you realize you're doing them, and you can actually start correcting them in yourself. And it's like, you know That's the best part.

Sue Bryce | Yeah.

Nikki Closser | I can change this. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So, you know, awakening people do when they get to this work and you did it too, and I did it. I still do it. It's sometimes I just get a little tired of the glass ceiling. I'll go through a really big hard lesson, emotional lesson, confrontational lesson. It'll stay with you for weeks, months, even years, And days there are days when you think, oh, well, I learned that lesson, and then you wake up and there's a whole new one.

Sue Bryce | I remember when I was in business and I was just getting, oh, I was being bought to the altar every day with money and self value. Every day felt like a smackdown. Every day felt like two steps forward and one step backwards. Every day felt like I'm learning this about myself. I'm shameful and disgusting.

Sue Bryce | So everything I had to learn, I had to also accept about myself. I had to accept that I was learning it. I had to accept that I was playing small. I had to accept that I was spending time and avoidance by gossiping about people, which means I was saying nasty things and being a nasty envious person. And that's because, I was envy.

Sue Bryce | It's a place of envy. I wanted what those people had And I didn't know how to get it, so I felt envious towards them. And that energy is nasty. It's comparison. It's ego, and it will perpetuate more nastiness, more comparison, more ego.

Sue Bryce | Does that make me a bad person? No. I said some really horrible things about people because I didn't understand how to get there. So I was course I'm going to be envious of somebody who is making a lot of money when I could not break through money Yes. I'm going to be nasty to someone who is in the same field as me, selling their work for three times more than me, when my work was three times better.

Sue Bryce | That ego, when that ego and that envy flare up, you are a horrible person, but that's not who you are. That's just a call to write an action list and a goal list. Envy is a wake up call to stop being a blocked artist. Envy means I want what they've got. So that means I have to create it for myself, but I don't believe I'm worth that.

Sue Bryce | And I certainly don't believe they're worth that. And they're doing it. Well, here's the trick. It's not about good or bad. It's not bad people make money.

Sue Bryce | All the time. Bad people are very rich. It's not good or bad. It's worthy and worthless. And you're the only one that believes that they're worthy.

Sue Bryce | You're the only one that can decide that you're worthy And so that playing small, you might deny that part of yourself. I was that person. I was horrible. I connected with people through gossiping about others. When you assassinate somebody else's character, it makes you look better.

Sue Bryce | Also, the crazy part about carriage assassination. It does. Yeah. Because here's the thing, Nikki, if I tell you something about that person, And it's someone you envy, like, you're looking at them going, why have they got that? And then I tell you something nasty about them, What I'm doing is assassinating their character to you, and it somehow gives me control over them.

Sue Bryce | I can't say anything to them publicly. I can't take away their success, but I can assassinate them behind their back And to you, that gives me power. I've given I've empowered myself by putting them down. So we do this all the time. And we don't even realize it.

Sue Bryce | So saying all this stuff, bringing this stuff up, like the shame of debt, the shame of or the guilt of something you've done wrong or the way you used to live or connecting through your avoidance behaviors or your avoidance behaviors. You know, I like to bring all of them to the light because people are always shocked to find out. You know, like, you might look at somebody with a really hot body and you've struggled with your body image. You might have struggled with your weight, all your life, and you just look at them and it's just easy for them, and it's not fear. And you can get into that victim comparison.

Sue Bryce | You know, they have this. They have that. Then you find out that they can't control their drinking. But because their weight is not on their body and you can't see it, or they can't control their shopping, or they can't control, you know, you don't know what people are going through. So at that face value, you look at people, and you just instantly have that judgment against them for what you don't have.

Sue Bryce | So that's the moment you have to come to acceptance. A really good acceptance is envy. Envy is everything. Yeah. The second I feel envy, that is like, you're igniting my desire.

Sue Bryce | And when I see somebody else that has something now, instead of looking at them and going, why do they have that? I I then got to the second step was how did they get that? Because not why do they have that. That's pointless. I lived there for way too long.

Sue Bryce | My next question was how did they get that? How do I get that? So I would look at it, and then I realized that if I am celebrating that person for having this thing, I'm gonna have it. It's that simple. Whatever it is, I celebrate you falling in love.

Sue Bryce | I celebrate your new business model. I celebrate your success in business. I celebrate the growth of your following an audience. I celebrate your big milestones because I realized that the more I'm like, she's winning, I celebrate her winning suddenly. Oh, I got goosebumps all over my body then, like, all over my body.

Sue Bryce | I'm gonna win. Whatever I'm focused on, that's what I'm going to get. So I stopped being focused on the envy, and I started to accept that I want the things that I am the most envious about and the most envious people want more. Than most, and I was filled with envy. I wanted more.

Sue Bryce | I wanted to be more I wanted to earn more. I wanted to grow more, and I Oh, like I couldn't. And I felt like everybody else was taking away from what I wanted. So acceptance is going envy, putting envy down on the table in front of you, write the list that says, what do they have that I want? So that's, I guess, just another form of mirroring.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Right? Yeah. Okay. You said so many things in there.

Nikki Closser | Right? I have a million questions. Okay. So backing up to where you were talking about lessons, something that just being your friend, And I don't even know if you were you weren't really trying to teach me this. This is just something that you were going through.

Nikki Closser | And and I love that everything that you talk about. You've lived it. You've done it. You've gone through it. So for example, if there was something that was really difficult that you were going through or challenging or whatever, you would always stop and say, what is my lesson in this?

Nikki Closser | What is my lesson? And just being your friend and hearing you say this no matter what you were going through instead of wallowing in the negative and poor me, you were like, what is the lesson here for me.

Sue Bryce | But I can have a place of eye attract using for me. Mhmm. That's I'm way past the point of Am I seeing, MB? I'm way past that point. I am attracting everything in my life right now.

Sue Bryce | So I know it I know what I'm focused on is gonna I still wake up in a negative mood, and then I'm I even said to myself yesterday, how long until you shift this frequency because if you don't, stuff is gonna start showing up in this frequency. And is this a frequency you wanna be promoting? You know, it's like, is this what you're putting your ad spend into right now, like boost this post. You know, I woke up in the morning and I got stuck on at something, and I instantly got angry about it. Tied it to a story, connected it in my car, started to tell more of a story.

Sue Bryce | And I'm like, oh, really? You just put an ad spend on this? So, you know, you saw the post. It said, hey, this post is getting traction. You should spend a lot of money putting this post out there.

Sue Bryce | And it's negative and it's bad and it's stupid, and I needed to communicate a boundary around it. And because boundaries are hard, I'm like, I can't communicate that boundary. So therefore, I'm gonna get stuck on the why is this happening. And then I just looked at myself in the mirror as I was getting ready, and like, this is the frequency you're about to add spend on. And I was like, okay.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, yeah. So why don't we shift that? And, like, just shift out of it. And so stop telling yourself this story. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | It's a lie. That's what I said. Stop telling yourself this story. Stop repeating this lie. It's not fear.

Sue Bryce | This always happens. They always put me second. That is a story you've manufactured that you're creating about yourself. No. I got up and I said, I accept that I have to set this boundary.

Sue Bryce | I accept it's gonna be uncomfortable, and I accept that the person that I'm gonna set the boundary with is gonna be a pain in the butt to tell, but I'm avoiding setting this boundary because this person runs all over me in this area. And I am disempowered by them whenever they are in this round. So I'm like, I've got to get to their But get to acceptance that what you're experiencing is not a bad thing. It's just the process of seeing yourself.

Nikki Closser | Well, and, like, you've talked about, it's it's about going through it. You have to get stent. Right. Yeah. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | If you don't stay in emotion, you can't actually work out what it is.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | Because if you avoid if you avoid the emotion, you'll go straight to avoidance, which is the thing that alleviates your your emotion, which is smoking, drinking, shopping, sex, fun, scrolling, gossiping, anything that's gonna give you dopamine, and that's joyful at first. Dopamine is joy. It's it's fake chemical joy, and we'll just go, oh, fake chemical joy. And you won't experience the feeling. And if you're not in the feeling, you can't observe the reaction that you have, and the reaction you have is emotional, because you're gonna think of thought And then that thought is gonna trigger an old story, and then you're going to emotionally respond to that thought in your own brain, you've already looped in.

Sue Bryce | We already looped in the car. If you go to your avoidance behavior right now, we talked about that in avoidance. You're not gonna feel the pain. And if you don't feel the pain, you can't get to the acceptance, which is you in the middle not being unlapped. Everybody gets down to nobody loves me.

Sue Bryce | It's not fair. I'm going to the garden to eat worms. So if you hate everybody, you need to eat. You know, go and eat something. If you think everybody hates you, you need to sleep.

Sue Bryce | Okay. And if you really wake up the next day, still hating everybody else and still thinking everybody hates you, you need to set some boundaries. It's that simple.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Now I I don't want anyone to feel shame about this because I've done it. You've done it. That story that brings us some sort of attention that we're always telling that becomes our identity. This happened to me.

Nikki Closser | This happened to me. This happened to me. I feel like this is such an important piece to acceptance. I wanna I just wanna talk about it a little bit.

Sue Bryce | You have to. Because, you know, my story was so traumatic, and it was such a strong story, and I stopped telling it. I just stopped telling it 10 years ago because I realized that it was keeping me in the story. And the story We're

Nikki Closser | getting something when we tell that story. Pity. You know, whatever it

Sue Bryce | is. Connection, you know, bonding with other people. You know, an excuse to not be what I wanna be. The reason I can't be my full potential because if you knew this about me, you would know how hard it was for me. Right.

Sue Bryce | And then you're gonna understand that I could be more, Nikki, but I can't because that happened to me. So if you only knew that that that happened to me and also when something really bad or tragic happens to me, it ties directly to the story And you can't change the fact that it happened, and you can't change the fact. And and let's just be clear that the trauma story I told was old. Like, I was around 25. So at fifty two years old, how is telling that story still working for me?

Sue Bryce | It's not. And it doesn't change the fact that it happened. And like I said from the stage in the power talks, I went through some trauma in my mid twenties, and I worked with a psychologist every week for 1 year to work through that trauma. Now I did work through that trauma During that time, I was agrophobic. I couldn't leave the house.

Sue Bryce | I couldn't do basic things like walk on the street on my own. I couldn't do so many things, and I went and worked through that trauma. So when I say for the next 10 years, I told that story, I'd worked through that trauma. I was telling that story because to me, it was part of me, like a leg. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | My trauma was part of me, and therefore, I had to be introduced to everybody that I was, you know, saying it to. Now I I kind of realize that every time I tell that story, I bring back the trauma like it's happening right now. My body doesn't know the difference between then and now. It only knows the story I'm telling right now. So this is where once you hope through your trauma, this is where you have to start saying, Alright.

Sue Bryce | My story is in the past, so I only talk about the healing of that trauma. Mhmm. And then I started to think, okay. This is not who I am. This is just something about me that happened and that changed the course of my life.

Sue Bryce | So What I'm really trying to say is once I stopped sharing the story, I stopped empowering it. Yes. It's It's let it be. You can't let it go, and you never forgive the perpetrator. You only forgive the wounds you carry.

Sue Bryce | So that's really important. You can't forgive the perpetrator. You're not meant to, that you're to let let them be. You can't let them go. If you try and let go, it's it feels like it's your leg, so you can't.

Sue Bryce | You just have to let it be not a trauma story anymore. You could let it be a swan song. I mean, you've also gotta be careful how you tell that swan song, because otherwise, it's just a trauma story. I in. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | You said something a minute ago about, you know, sometimes your body can't differentiate between, like, you're gonna feel it again. And I was just thinking, like, I know my stories that I've told over and over and over. And It's so gosh. I think I'm really making a breakthrough with all of this because I have thought about telling one of those stories, and I remembered think this is recent. And I remember thinking, you know don't wanna feel that right now.

Nikki Closser | I do not wanna feel that right now. And why would I wanna feel that?

Sue Bryce | Because every time we tell it feel it.

Nikki Closser | I'm done feeling how I felt. Yeah. I'm done.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. You can say I've been through that. And leave it there. So when I would tell my trauma story, a lot of women would, identify with my story. And the responses that also happened to me or this happened to me this way.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And you know, the answer to my cat died is not I had a cat. But trauma stories, identify us as women, as people, as victims, as whatever. And so what we tend to do is tell that story in order to bond, the amount of people that would hear me tell my story and then say my story is the same. Now you know the answer to my cat died is not I had a cat.

Sue Bryce | It's I'm so sorry. Your cat died. And so then what I started to do was I would wait till other people told me their trauma story. And instead of saying that happened to me too, and, you know, I also had a cat. Which everybody does.

Sue Bryce | I would say, I'm so sorry. You went through that. I went through something similar, and it took me a long time to come out the other side. Mhmm. And I would leave that like that where I could identify with their trauma, but I didn't need to tell my trauma story to match their trauma story.

Sue Bryce | Also, when you have a trauma story, this is really funny because people who who might feel uncomfortable about this, but I'm speaking from my own experience. If I told you my trauma story back then and you matched it with your own, I would think like cool, but that was my trauma story. Yeah. But that's how much

Nikki Closser | How much fun you're here? Yeah. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So I just realized that I don't need to match everybody's identity and story with my own trauma. I can be in other people's trauma and also allude to the fact that I've been through these things, but I I worked through them and came out the other side in a happy, healthy way. But all I know is every time you tell the story, you're body thinks it's happening right now. Your brain does not your brain is so powerful. As soon as it thinks a thought, it responds with an emotion, then you're feeling a feeling, the second, the thought, and the feeling together connect, and you know that the trauma feeling that comes up, around that story instantly, like, kicks me in the guts.

Sue Bryce | Like, I feel like somebody punches me so hard in the guts when I say it, and I feel like it's like ripping a big black hole in my stomach and like everyone can see. Everyone can see the blackness in side me. That's how I used to describe it to people because I couldn't think of a way to describe the feeling in my body that was coming from 20 years ago by just telling the story again as a victim. So I don't want I know people will go, but I legitimately suffered trauma. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So did I? And I legitimately lived in the trauma for a long time, and healing it really was about letting it be in the past. Just letting it be. Don't let it go. Just let it be.

Nikki Closser | I wonder if you can help me think through this. I think sometimes I would tell that story because I don't want people to think, oh, well, she's just had it easy. You know, everything's just comes so easy for her, and I want people to be no. No. I struggled too.

Nikki Closser | Like, I really did. You know, like, I don't know where that comes from that I, like, needed people to know that I had some really

Sue Bryce | Okay. It comes from what we treat each other. So A lot of women comment on you physically because you're very physically attractive. I've been with you. People will say, oh, you're so tiny, Nikki, or you're so cute, Nikki.

Sue Bryce | Oh, look at you, Nikki. Oh, you're skinny bitch, Nikki. Not a compliment. So instantly your defense mechanism is I'm so much more than skinny and cute. And then when people see you successful, and then it's like, she's skinny, successful, and rich.

Sue Bryce | You're like, I didn't grow up with money. Like, I built this. I made this. Women are constantly proving themselves. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | It's like you have to constantly prove yourself to other women. And it's like, why are we doing this? Like, You're just made this way. I'm made this way. You treat your body a certain way.

Sue Bryce | I treat my body a certain way. My body is a reflection of how I eat, move, sleep, rest, and self care. So is yours, whatever our genetic makeup is that definitely something we have to come to acceptance over, like, some people, like, well, I'm big boned, or I'm six foot 3 and I'm a woman and I'm tall, so I have to I can't change that. You know, there's the genetic part of our body image, but then there's this idea of you're made way. And now I know everything about you because but that's your perception too of the way people are speaking to you.

Sue Bryce | And when you're on stage talking about business and somebody says, well, it must be easy for you, that's gonna trigger that in you because you're like, wait a minute. This wasn't easy for me. It's not easier because I look different than you, but that they're envy saying, well, she has this because I don't have that because I'm not as attractive. Like, we have all these blocks. I used to think the same way.

Sue Bryce | Your defense mechanism probably comes from the way people are No. They're not discrediting you. You feel like they're discrediting you. In envy, they're saying what they, envious about to you, and that uncomfortable that's uncomfortable.

Nikki Closser | Do you sometimes I wonder if I'm trying to prove it to myself, like, I'm more worthy and I deserve this more if I went through these things. Like, almost like I'm trying to do it to myself. Like, oh, but you do deserve it because this is what you went through.

Sue Bryce | No. That's you're still trying to prove yourself. Like, we don't need to prove ourselves. If somebody comes up to you and goes, yours guinea bit, you can say, okay. Like, Well, actually, correct, correctly, you could say, is that a compliment?

Sue Bryce | Well, you could because I'm I always say not a compliment, but, hey. And people, when I say it, people are always like, oh, I'm so sorry. Right. You can call out that behavior because why should you feel bad about the way you look because somebody's spoken out the envy to you. And the weird thing about envy is it's just a It's called for a goal list.

Sue Bryce | Right? I wanna look cuter because I and why do you wanna look cuter? Cause I believe I would be successful if I looked cuter. That's not true. I mean, I felt like that when I became an instructor, everyone was 10 years younger, super hot, super skinny, super beautiful, like, lots of star power.

Sue Bryce | I did my first interview, on the phone with Craig and Creative Live, from a Australia. We talked for an hour a half. And at the end, I was like, you know, I don't look like your other instructors. Right? Like, I'm in my mid forties.

Sue Bryce | I'm, you know, I'm not like that. And he was like, yeah. But to me, I was comparing myself physically to all the other women instructor women instructors. I never compared myself physically to any of the male instructors, and the worst part about that was then I looked at all of their content. And I said, I'm gonna be better than all of them.

Sue Bryce | And I might not be as young, and I might not be as pretty. But I'm gonna out I'm gonna out teach. I'm gonna out content. I'm gonna out speak them all. So I took the the women that I should be elevating as my peers as my competition.

Sue Bryce | And we are made this way. It's called contrast and compare. We compare ourselves to everybody, but mostly we compare ourselves to other women men compare themselves to other men. Women compare themselves physically first. Men compare themselves by what they own.

Sue Bryce | He has a hot wife. He has a fancy house. He has a nice car. He has a big income. She has a tight ass.

Sue Bryce | She has a pretty face. She has great hair. She's getting a lot of attention online. It's how we compare ourselves to others. And then naturally, we wanna be better.

Sue Bryce | We wanna be more But also, if I speak out and envy the things I'm envious about with you, then I'm just saying it's actually a compliment. But it's not because it's really you're like, oh, you need to write a goal list. If you're saying this about me, you need to write a goal list. Or you need to come to acceptance of what you think you don't have. Because if you're saying a compliment like, oh, you, you know, you're so skinny, Nikki.

Sue Bryce | And you're like, okay. They believed that if they were skinny, they'd be what? They believe that. It's not about you. So what is what does it mean to you when people say that?

Sue Bryce | And you said, I want people to know that this was not easy for me. So, yeah, you have to prove it that you're worthy of standing up there instead of What most men would do is take a deep breath before they walked on stage and said, I'm awesome because my mother told me so. You know, I choose to believe that just me becoming successful with no education from the wrong side of the tracks from a small country that I'm mixed race that I didn't have a lot of opportunities at all, just me being successful, freeze thousands of people. Women who see me, girls who see me without an education, boys who see me without an education without being the right speaking the right way, saying the right things, can you master your craft and become successful? Yes.

Sue Bryce | I choose to believe that just my my gumption, my drive to be more, and my experiences of walking into each of these things and mastering each of these things about myself made my made me valuable to the people. Like, I don't have to prove myself any more. I've done that. I proved I can make 1,000,000 of dollars in business. I proved that I can build a big platform.

Sue Bryce | I proved that I have good content. I proved that I can teach people to monetize and love themselves. Like, I have proved this over and over again. And when you start a business, All you're looking for is social proof, testimonials, feedback, social proof to other people that what you've put out there is good, that other people like it and that it's valuable, what is different about when you put yourself out there and self value? There's nothing different.

Sue Bryce | You're really You don't need to tell people why you're valuable anymore. You are valuable. You give service. You're present with people. You give love.

Sue Bryce | And because you don't need validation, you're giving a lot more than other people do. And like I say, fill the energy in a room or leave the room. Elevate the conversation in the room or leave the conversation. These people are playing small, I play big. So now I come in big energy.

Sue Bryce | And if that small energy around me feel and I don't belittle people for their small energy. I played small for 40 years. 40 years, I just hid myself didn't speak up for myself, didn't get into alignment with what I really wanted. I people pleased everybody. I tried hard to make everyone else successful.

Sue Bryce | I tried everything to take my name off the front door of every business I built.

Nikki Closser | You did too.

Sue Bryce | I did. I fried Nikki. I was like, you guys need to stop making it about me. And the thing is the purpose that I was biting for my whole life was me. It's you.

Sue Bryce | You are the purpose. You're the reason we're doing this right now. You the reason we're talking about this right now, you're here with me bringing you to me to be more. You wanna be more. Like, And the acceptance, what about non acceptance?

Sue Bryce | What about the fact that we spend so much time not accepting something therefore rejecting it, our body, our relationship, our sexuality, how we wanna dress, how we wanna speak what we say, what we see, who we hang out with, we just oppress, oppress, oppressed to people, please, and be likable I was like, no. I've done that for so many years now. Now I want to have big conversation, and I'd wanna shame people for playing small. I just wanna call them out. Like, I wanna be like, oh, wow.

Sue Bryce | That sounds bitchy. What's that about? Like, I wanna get to the heart of it, and then people are are really jolted by that conversation because I was someone that bonded with gossip, and now I don't need to anymore. Now I bond with empowerment.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And I'm so strong in who I am. I don't need to be sitting there thinking, I've gotta speak in a way that make people like me. I'm like, you know, some people don't like me. I'm okay with that. I'm a lot.

Sue Bryce | People who are a lot like me a lot. That must be a lot

Nikki Closser | because So I feel like, you know, I feel like I'm a lot too.

Sue Bryce | People who don't like a lot are like, oh, she's a lot, but, you know, I'm a lot. That's why I always say not good enough. People are always like, I am enough. And I was like, enough for who? Enough?

Sue Bryce | Why do you say you're enough? And then it wasn't until Jen, my brand coach, Jen, she said to me, who we're gonna interview, by the way, on the podcast. But she said to me, well, she has I'm enough tattooed on her arm. And I was like, oh, sorry. I didn't mean to and she was like, no.

Sue Bryce | To me, she was like, this phrase, She was like, when you especially when you've had a mom that didn't tell you you were enough, she was like, this phrase means a lot to me. And in that moment, it just went click. And I looked at her, and I said, oh, Jen. All this years, I've been telling people Why are you enough? Stop trying to be enough, enough for who, enough, enough, enough with the enough.

Sue Bryce | It's because my whole life, I was too much. So I was always trying to wind back instead of being enough in the room I was the one in the room with the big voice, outspoken and uninformed filled with the the filled with poor me, filled with I want this, all the talents I have now, all the smarts I have now, just less evolved, And so I was always too much. So now I come from the this space of we're either not enough or we're too much. But both of those states involve the opinions of other people, and neither of them involve when we feel like enough. Or why we feel like too much.

Sue Bryce | Because the only reason I'm too much, I was too much back then, was because I wasn't in alignment with my voice and what I wanted. But once I got into alignment with my voice and what I want, that's the best part. Now I'm not too much for people because when I'm in alignment and I'm a lot, people are I want what she's got. I like what she's saying. I want what I'm learning.

Sue Bryce | So I had to learn how to and my brother, my brother says it all the time. He was like, the force is strong in this one. And he says it about his son, you know, he had these 2 little babies, but this little boy, he's got so much, like, just brain force and and energy. And my brother would say, we need to channel this one. The force is strong in this one.

Sue Bryce | And I was the same. It was like the force was so strong in me And I, you know, was not becoming a Jedi. I was definitely on the dark side. So to me, it was really important that I accept that I am too much for a lot of people. So I have to be too much in the right kind of way.

Sue Bryce | And what does that mean to you if you're not enough or too much? Cause it's only the you part that you need to understand.

Nikki Closser | Well, and that's one thing I really love about our next segment about processing. Is it is that, you know, you get to meet you, and you can

Sue Bryce | call them and you all the stuff. But now that you're challenging what you're thinking and you don't have to believe what you think, and then you're challenging how you're responding to it because you don't have to respond this way, now you kind of sit there and think, well, what is it that I'm not enough or too much for? And what is this idea that I'm not enough and too much And again, if I'm not enough or too much, I'm people pleasing. Mhmm. So when am I enough for me?

Sue Bryce | And what's gonna make me enough for me? And when I say I'm too much for others, what does that mean? Does it mean that I was talking too much at an event, and I felt like people were like, or I wasn't present listening enough, or what is too much? I was too outspoken in my opinion. And that's Yeah.

Nikki Closser | Everything you said is what I feel when I think about was I Same.

Sue Bryce | Too much. Because it's what I am. I'm too big in my too outspoken too I also I hate fair weather conversation. So if somebody asks me about the weather, I'm gonna go as deep as I can, as quickly as I can. Right?

Sue Bryce | And I I told you this because it was really humiliating. I went to a party a month ago, And I walk in, and the last time I saw this group of people was the week before COVID lockdown 3 years ago. Yeah. We had a party. In the next weekend, we were in quarantine.

Sue Bryce | So I never see these three people again for 3 years. So we see them online, talk to them, chat with them, So instantly, I walk in, see this woman that I met at the dinner party 3 years ago, who's a friend of a very close friend. So They're very close friends, and we've seen them many times, but all of their friends, we haven't seen since the last party 3 years ago. I remember this woman I had a great connect with her 3 years ago. I instantly start chatting to her, and I'm like, you know, the crazy part is I see all my friends.

Sue Bryce | I've seen all of my friends through COVID, like, you know, we've traveled to see each other. Mhmm. And I was like, all of my friends look identical. They look the same as they did 3 years ago. I said to this woman, you look the same as you did 3 years ago, still gorgeous, like gorgeous.

Sue Bryce | And she's like, yeah. And I said, but the crazy part is is, I bet you can't say that for your kids. That's what's freaking me out the most is you're seeing children after 3 years. Well, a three year old is now a six year old. That is significantly shocking.

Sue Bryce | It's like you have a, like, growing child and you had a baby, whereas you don't look different, look at your boys. Like, you know, that's she just looks at me and goes, oh, right. So we're going straight in there. Are we? Like, And I I

Nikki Closser | would have been like

Sue Bryce | It's to be

Nikki Closser | all over that conversation. Oh, and

Sue Bryce | then I was like, oh, oh, yes. Sorry. I'm not very good at talking about the weather. And I felt terrible. I was like, oh, you have no boundaries.

Sue Bryce | That's what I said to myself. You have no boundaries. You're over familiar with people. You disarm people with your Unbelievable memory, especially when I go, oh my gosh, you also had a four year old, so now you have like a seven year old, right? And she was like, looked at me?

Sue Bryce | Is it to say, how does she know that about me? And I'm like, oh, you're stopping me on Facebook? Yeah. Right. And I'm like, I don't know her name.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. But instantly, she made me feel too much. Like, I went too deep, too much, too unfamiliar, no boundaries. Instantly, all the things that I used to be that used to make me feel bad about myself. But much like yourself, when you were about to tell a story and you said, wait, I don't wanna feel this, so I'm not gonna tell a story.

Sue Bryce | I, in my head, said, oh, yeah. This is who I am. I don't talk about the weather. So then I relaxed enough to say my apologies. I have, little boundaries around, you know, my familiarity with people, as I remember, so many things about people, to which now she's looking at me like I'm weird.

Sue Bryce | So I was like, Walk away. Walk away.

Nikki Closser | Oh, we start spiraling, and it's like, oh, yeah.

Sue Bryce | So the same way you would feel not enough If somebody walked up to you and started talking to you in a way that you were like, I'm not enough for this person. It's all just self projected. And how we're talking to ourselves in that moment and accepting that this is who I am and how I am, and that's completely okay with it. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | Well, I'm excited to talk more about this and processing because so much of this is is allowing ourselves to drive the drive the car instead of

Sue Bryce | And that's right. Processing is what brings us to acceptance. First, you have to understand what you're going to try and do every single day when you're processing emotion and the emotion that you're really processing is to acceptance. So as we talk about all the ways to process a hurtful comment, something you did wrong, a confrontation that went badly, a situation that you now need to break away from, but you have also been contributing to, so you feel a lot of guilt and responsibility for all of these things in processing come back to self acceptance. So let's leave acceptance with one thing.

Sue Bryce | Every morning, I want you to wake up and write you can write an acceptable list and an unacceptable list about yourself if you want. Try it as an exercise. This is unacceptable. If you say something is unacceptable, you cannot accept that this is part of your life. So you're the one that's actively choosing to reject it every single day because you're not changing it and you're not loving it.

Sue Bryce | So you're hating it and you're choosing to stay there. You can accept all of these things about yourself and empower yourself to walk through them. But you just first have to accept that what you believe is the truth is not the truth. It's just a focus you hold on to. And your focus and emotion is emotional mastery, waking up in the morning and feeling bad, or thinking a bad thought that brings up an old story to make you feel bad is going to set you off the whole day feeling bad.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And instead I want you to start waking up and say, I accept that this is what's come into my brain right now. Except that this thought came up. I even accept that this old story still triggers me. So instead, if you can't break the loop and you can't get off the old story, I want you to write down what the old story is.

Sue Bryce | And then sit with it for a while. Am I using this as avoidance? Like, am I focused? So what I would do to avoid pain, and it was always around loving myself and allowing a loving relationship is I would binge eat And then I would hate my body so much that I didn't realize what I was doing was I was punishing myself but also feeling good because eating makes me feel so good. So it was like the punishment was you're disgusting, and you are gonna go and eat.

Sue Bryce | But then when I was eating, I was like, dopamine, this is joyful. Like, you know, I'm sure heroin is really joyful when you're putting it into your body. But there's a fallout from it. Right? So then what I would do is feel disgusting because I've, you know, eaten 8000 calories in one sitting.

Sue Bryce | And not process my emotion. And then after the dopamine's worn off, I'm just feel sick because I'm overloaded and I'm really in a lot of inflammation pain. How can my brain even remotely feel anything other than self disgust? And so you're perpetuating this horrible energy of hating yourself to avoid The one simple thing that you had to do over here was just sit in the feeling for a bit longer and accept that this is part of you, and it doesn't have to be. So it that is the most unbelievable to me is that you can go down this And it's not a rabbit hole.

Sue Bryce | It's a vortex of abuse and pain trying to get away from an emotion. And then spending energy and envy seeing other people with the things you want. And, you know, you really have to tell yourself that truth and just keep coming back to acceptance. What does acceptance look like? Stand naked in front of the mirror right now, and tell me that you can't accept this body.

Sue Bryce | You have to be able to accept it. It's yours. And it's a direct reflection of how you treat it and how you think about it, how you feel about it, how you look after it, how you care for it, and how you present it to the world. You're the one that dresses it. You're the one that feeds it lovingly.

Sue Bryce | You're the one that let lets it rest, you're the one that has a boundary to not give yourself away. And yet, You breach all of your own boundaries, all of your own rules to hate this vessel, this beautiful vessel you have, so you must come to acceptance, radical acceptance of your physical body. And if you don't like the way you're doing something to your body, change that. Mhmm. Change it.

Sue Bryce | But don't hate on your body because your body is your most loyal follower, and it's doing exam as you're asking it, but non acceptance is just rejection of the self. So what is the write down what is what would it take me to accept this the way it is? And if I can't change it, I have to accept it. Why can't I accept it? Who do I believe it's it's gonna change if I accept this?

Sue Bryce | And you will be shocked to find out it wasn't anything on your list. It was somebody else's idea, and you're just people pleasing again. Constantly pleasing other people not getting your needs met. Oh, except mates. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah. I don't think and I always say to people, especially because weight was my thing. When I put on weight, I couldn't come to acceptance. I had a belief that I could not be loved while I had this weight on. It was that simple.

Sue Bryce | I just could not accept it in myself, I could not accept it. And I was so I was so concrete about it. It was not even a choice that I could accept it. It was just I rejected this part of myself, And when I think about it now, like, I was, like, living that much. I was living from the neck up I was not connected to my body.

Sue Bryce | I was not I not in photographs. I was not I didn't exist. It's like had I died during that time that 7 year period of just going into this body hate hell? I wouldn't my family have nothing to show. Oh, you had a sister for 7 years?

Sue Bryce | Yeah. But there's not a photo or any evidence of her even though she was a professional photographer. Mhmm. You know, If you're here doing this work, if you're listening to this podcast, if you're listening to these deep dives, you believe a whole lot of stuff about yourself. That's not true.

Sue Bryce | And you're the only one that can come to acceptance. You're the only one that can bring it to the light. And just like we did in the power talks, you gotta find your freak lag. You don't have to look far because once you accept these things about you, you put that little freak flag up and so many people come toward you. So many people are just coming toward your light.

Sue Bryce | Because you're doing the bravest thing. You're just accepting who you are, and you're saying it's okay. And then everybody around you sees that little flag and they say, I'm a little freak too, and all the little freaks get together. And then Once you see all the little freaks around you, you go, I'm not a freak, or I am a little freak. And it okay because they found lots of other little freaks, and you're not alone.

Sue Bryce | So it's just gotta you've gotta bring it to the light, bring everything to the light, bring your shadow self to the light, and acceptance is love.

Nikki Closser | Awesome.

Sue Bryce | Alright. Let's talk about processing.

Nikki Closser | Yes. We will see you next time for processing.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 13 - Acceptance ====
