==== Start of Transcript: 06 Creation ====

Creation. So after we talk about everything we believe we're getting or seeing from the world, we've worked out the world as reflecting back our emotions So we also understand that my thoughts and my feelings are writing shotgun, and they're always talking fears in the back always attached to old story. Now I need you to understand now that you know that you are the poison and you are the antidote I need you to understand I am energy. I am energy. I am a master creator.

So are you. I am a master creator in the positive and I am a master creator in the negative because I am always attracting and I am always creating What I'm attracting and creating is in direct proportion to my emotional self. The world is responding to my emotions. So I start with awareness, acceptance, energy, awareness, and acceptance are the first big energies I'm gonna bring you into I stopped over analyzing why I didn't have everything I wanted, and I started focusing on creating it. I focused all that energy on building my business.

That was my first vertical you can really only choose to work on one big area of your life because what you're truly working on is your emotional response to it, and how long it's gonna take you to get through this area of your life is based on how intense the emotional memory you've set around this belief system So the sooner you can break out of it, emotionally, you can move on. This is emotional mastery. The person that stopping you from getting what you want right now is the emotion you're stuck in. My emotions, that three year old terrorist is sitting in the front seat of your car making so much noise, and you are believing them. So I focused all of my energy on just building my business, which brought me to the altar with money.

Because I realized I wasn't attracting it. I didn't value it. I repelled it, and I had no boundaries around it. So, obviously, this alignment of wanting to build my business came into alignment. I start working in the alignment the first thing my alignment does is show me when I'm gonna get kicked out of alignment straight away.

Money was the 1st place. So this period of time, I fell off the energy wagon. I call it many times, and I got dragged along for a bit. You know? And I returned to people pleasing and resentment and poor me many times.

I gossip. I've been jade. I drank. I smoked. I shopped, and every hard slap down lesson that I learned, every drag out drama I found myself in came down to this one big, hard, hairy thing that I had to just accept about myself.

Or it was a big, hard, hearing, scum conversation that I had to have with somebody, a confrontation. You know? And mostly I had to hit that with myself. And as you bring self value into your energy, into your creation into your speech, into your relationships, into your service, at work into your business as you focus more on your value and filling up your dreams and being fulfilled and less on the self. Okay?

It's just more more just walking towards it, and then all of a sudden you'll find self doubt just keeps getting back in the car. And remember, self doubt doesn't stay in the car. Self doubt just comes on in. It speaks. And if you are in self doubt, if you've got self doubt sitting next to you, You're back in the self.

You're back in thinking about yourself instead of giving value. You've gone back to what am I getting? Now twenty to thirty five year old Sue told that victim story, and the story was sad. And the story was familiar. And it's a story a lot of you have.

It's quite common. And it helped me connect. And it was always my excuse for not having the things that I earned for. And every time I told this old narrative, I re empowered it. And then I built my business, and I said, find something you love more.

Or my desire to succeed at business eclipsed my fear. Find something. You love more. Both were prodigious in hindsight. The second I stopped focusing on my past story, I was taking action in the present and seeing results.

Results were evidence. My apathy suddenly turned into action into momentum. And then I broke through to selling. And when I broke my money barrier, my value just compounded. And I built a profitable business.

And I started to teach in 2010, but I didn't notice right away that I had reframed my story. But every time I recounted, like, my biggest block and my biggest fear and my biggest hurdle and how I smash through it, starting a business with no money, selling myself, selling my craft, learning to ask for money, learning to ask for work, learning to keep money, learning to network with confidence, learning to value myself, my time, my craft, and instead of focusing on the shadow parts of my story, on the shame and the hardships and the trauma, I felt then I started to tell people how I broke through each stage And then I started to teach people how I did it. And I in my language, I'm simply reframing each step I took. Oh, yeah. I did do that.

And, yes, it was really challenging, but I did it. I did it this way. And I was seeing all these wins, even the microscopic achievements, and I'm recounting this journey, and I'm in awe of what I've done. And creativity creating in love energy is connected, magnetic energy, and the more you give, the more you get you attract in love. The opposing energy is in lack.

And if everything you attract is in lack, you will never be enough. There will never be enough. Money will never ever show up. It'll always be enough to survive and never enough to survive never enough to thrive, and you will not be enough. There will not be enough How can there?

You only see lack. And yet you are a master creator you are manifesting in this moment, in the negative, at full power, you are doing this. Nothing anybody else is doing is contributing to that. You're saying it. You're being it.

You're saying it, and you're doing it. If you over give or give for return or false humility, if you control with giving, if you give for recognition or without authenticity You will not receive an equal exchange. Your energy need is strongly felt. It's stinky and it's attracting and direct proportion. What I could create became my ultimate focus.

Once I learned, I'm the power. This became my ultimate focused. It feels like this incredible positive force now holding a creative state and a focus of awareness. Suddenly, My list of dreams become this list of intentions. I'm talking about them.

I'm excited by them. When I write out my ideas, I don't think I wish I could have this one day. I'm so excited to have these things. My mind can see it. Okay.

My emotion can feel it. I wanna do it. My heart's saying yes. I stay focused. I be in it.

I stop trying to manifest. Stop. Think about what you wanna manifest. You're already manifesting it. It's not something you activate.

You are already attracting. So instead, why don't you look at what the block is that you've put in place to not be able to receive it. And if you don't understand why you are getting something or why something is showing up the same every time. Look at what you are focused on every day and how you feel around it because that is stuck. When it's negative and there's no solutions and no power, you are trapped and stuck in your own car.

And the person that's telling you everything that's wrong is sitting beside you in the seat, and you're believing them. So when you say I want this, but I can't because and I dream about this, but but I can't because and I burn I burned for this, but I I can't because because I'm a people pleaser. And and I fear I tried. I failed. I fell.

I skinned my knees. Well, I choose to believe. And I want more. And I feel desire, and I align my thoughts with my heart And with this alignment of desire and positive thoughts and focus and enthusiasm, I get more focus because I wanna show up in this way every day. That is congruency.

I'm walking the next step. It's evidence. I'm cycling up instead of cycling down, and I'm not trapped in my own mind, in my own car. I have evidence that it's working, and it's infused with joy. And, oh my gosh, it's starting to show up.

And remember, I said I can discipline myself to do anything that I enjoy. We'll try disciplining yourself to show up every day when you love what you do, and here is the cycle of enlightenment oh, sorry, alignment and alignment creates action Okay? You don't take action. You get into alignment first, and that alignment forces action. It comes to you.

It has to. So look at it like this. Alignment is mind. When you picture it in your mind, I want this. I want this.

Thought is an electric charge. Okay. Thought is power, then whatever you're thinking you're gonna say. If you're saying it, it's power. You're just affirming it.

If you believe it and if you start doing it, you're being it. You're already there. So when you align, your mind wants this thing. But then the next the next thing that happens after your mind says something, my thoughts says, I want this. What does my emotions do?

Oh, we can't do that. That's scary. And then those 2 are fighting it out in the front seat. Right? And you're listening to both of them.

But emotion when you get into alignment, emotion is empowered, fulfilled, enthusiastic that isinthios. God like energy inside me. You lose time doing it, and you feel pulled away. When lower priorities take your focus, you feel uplifted. You feel drawed after doing it, reenergized.

No soul sucking. There's no wilting. There's no there's no inner monologue. Because that's joy and joy. When that emotion is joyful, the heart just starts radiating a magnet of creation.

It comes from their heart, solar plexus. They all start to fire. Suddenly, I'm seeing it. I'm saying it. I'm doing it.

I'm being it. This heart this heart feels so good. This feels right. This feels right. This is what I've always wanted.

I'm filled up. Oh, my cup. My cup just run it over. I feel valued here. I feel valued here.

I have more to share, more to give. I'm transmitting. I'm not receiving. I'm transmitting, and I'm a magnetic force of love. Speak it up, our gratitude is a celebration that something you wanted has been received.

Something you wanted has been received You know, people used to say, you need to be grateful. You need gratitude. And I I think I used to sit down. I go, I'm grateful for this, and I'm grateful for that. But truly gratitude, is simply.

It's simply celebrating that something that you really wanted has been received. And then you're getting to enjoy it every day. And when you are seeing that and enjoying it, you're in a place of joy. The heart is in joy. The emotions are joyful.

The mind is like, we wanted this. The emotions are like, oh, this feels so good. The heart is connected and radiating more, and you're you're like, oh, it's all going on here. Then you just gotta keep it going, keep connecting it. Then all of a sudden, over here, we have focus.

Okay. What we focus, what we show up for, but when that mind wants something big and when that emotion is connected and joyful and when that heart is open and it's radiating a mess magnetic attraction of whatever you want. The focus is easy because you show up in this space every day. How can you not you are magnificent and you're getting to create your future, and that is so powerful, and you love what you do. And you love what you see, and you love what you say, and you love what you're being every day.

And the action is forced from you, because how could it not be your speaking heart You're connected, you're radiating joy. You are harness the power. Because it can just sit in there. It's negative pain, and you can literally pull it up and choose to believe in you. And it's just so powerful because there's clarity and there's certainty.

Okay. Cause all I want it, I know I want it. And when there's certainty, there's conviction, And when you have certainty and conviction, you're putting rocket fuel in my jet, I create it. And then I have concurrency because that is the next logical step you don't have to freak out over the next step because it's the next logical step. If you have no congruency, you're trying to jump ahead.

Break it down. Stay where you are. Take one step. Change your energy space. We have courage.

Yes. But just a master seed. You don't need more consistency keeps you showing up every day. That is focus. Because when you know what you want and your emotion is empowered and clear, and your heart is open and focused, and your focus is to show up every day in this alignment because it forces massive action in your life that brings you every single thing you want your entire goal in life is to wake up and get into this emotional mastery, clear it, and get into alignment with what you want so that you can go out there in the world and make it happen.

And that is called commitment. A commitment to honor thyself. This is my love boundary. What I create for myself is my love boundary. It's what I allow for myself, It's what I ask for.

It's what I step up to receive. It's how I show people what I'm worth. I created a life of value so that people could see my value, harness the energy, turn it into self, power, redirect it into what you want. You do this by clearing those emotions, getting clarity in your brain, clearing the emotions, opening the heart focusing on it every day, and you show up to that because it's so damn joyful. You couldn't live another another way.

Mind, I create emotions. I feel joy, the heart, permission, connectedness, focus, action, I became a public speaker with atrocious self value. So I would get up on stage, so prepared, more prepared than any other speaker that was gonna be on that stage with me because I knew I had to work harder than everybody else. And I knew I had to be better than everybody else because I had no value. So I had to give more than anybody was giving on that stage.

I had to be the best teacher, and I had to have the best students. And I was gonna give everybody the best, and I would get up there, and I would just be overflowing with content. And I would give and I would give and I would give as much as I could just to feel worthy of being up here, and I would just give everything. I would spend it all and I would get off the stage and I would leave the arena and I would go home and then self hate would be waiting for me in the hotel room. And together, self hate and I would critique that talk.

The outfit, the response, the applause. Why did you say that stupid? Why didn't you say this? You dropped that ball? You forgot this.

Why did you say that like that? Why did you answer that question like that? And I would be just exhausted. And I've spent from giving everything I had on that stage and self hate would just sit there in the room with me and say it wasn't enough. And then together, we'd go through Facebook, And we'd look at all the horrible, bad lit photos of us on stage that the audience had posted.

And they plastered them online and I don't read the beautiful compliments because self hate has already pointed out that I look old and fat and that I'm disgusting And why am I standing up here shining a light on all that I don't like about myself? There's no hiding anything up here. I was giving it literally everything I had. And after about 13 of these big presentations and these cruel, painful evenings, I finished this really big talk In fact, the first my first ever international broadcast 2012, I got back to my room, and there was self, hey. Just waiting for me again.

But this time this time, I bought I had evidence that I was doing good. And I was loving what I was doing. So this time, I brought home to believe. And the hotel said I can only hit one room guest, so I chose to believe. And self hate can hit the road.

And I started to say this thing to myself. In fact, I heard it. I was saying I choose to believe. I choose to believe. I choose to believe.

And I just couldn't take the self hate anymore. I was saying I choose to believe that I did my best today. And I choose to believe I was enough for a whole lot of people. And I choose to believe that I freed someone today. And I choose to believe that my authenticity shines brighter than my fear.

And I choose to believe that I showed my mastery today, and you can't take mastery away from me. And I got to share my joy with the world. And I empowered someone. And they gave them permission to be more. And I choose to believe.

And I just kept going. And I did not stop until I felt self hate, leave the room. Because I choose to believe. And I choose to believe I'm more. Because you have to see yourself as more in order to ask for more.

To step up to receive more, manifesting is not wishes. It's an actual feeling of value in that mind, emotion, heart, focus place, self hate does not get to speak in this space. There is no self hate in alignment. No resistance in the creator room. No.

In a monologue in the creative room, because there is no resistance. When you are in creation, there is no competition. So if you can hear my thoughts and my feelings, you're in resistance. You know, my thoughts she's always like, we're frightened and frankly a bit dramatic, but, you know, also, I believe doesn't believe my thoughts and my feelings. So if you're gonna be in the car with my thoughts, my feelings, and fear, and there can't constantly talking and telling you what everything that's wrong with you, then bring, I choose to believe, in the car with you, because I believe does not believe them.

And you do. And when I choose to believe, says, I don't believe them. You can look at I choose to believe and say, Oh, man. I choose to believe. I'm gonna talk more about that.

I choose to believe challenges my thoughts. I choose to believe challenges my feelings. Challenges them. It says, really? Believe will not stay in the room with self help.

And in that moment, you can choose which one stays. And I chose to believe, and I didn't look back. I want you to go to the mirror again and say I choose to believe. And I'll choose you over and over without pause, without doubt, in a heartbeat, and I will keep choosing to believe. I don't ask how.

If you do, you send it back. I don't need to convince the world What I have asked for is coming to me. I only have to convince myself I am becoming, and I choose to believe So listen to this. The antonym to believe is pure rejection. As we start to look at all these areas of our lives, our love, lives, our love relationships, our family, our friends, our work, career, choice, our physical health, and our bodies.

Where do I find my personal value? And where do I feel no value? So which area am I empowered or disempowered? And remember, any area you are disempowered Someone will overpower you in that area, whether it's money or love or work. Which areas of my life need more love, purpose, and direction.

Hold that in your mind. Spiritual growth, peace of mind is emotional mastery. Right? It's just emotional mastery. You're going to learn how you have set a narrative an identity around all of the problems that you think you have, and you just gonna break him down.

You know, and you can take them right down to single categories one at a time this is your self development. Choose one area at a time and fill it with love until every single area of your life is full. I honor my desires. I commit to my dreams. I'm filled with certainty and conviction.

I get into alignment with my purpose which is always me, and I have clarity, and I feel value. So we talked about what self love is. And we talked about this filter of our past, that very filter that is so filled with fear that you will stop you from trying and hold you in a suffering it will hold you in a suffering, and it will just hold you in a pattern. We looked at our stress relief and our avoidance behaviors and those joyful little habits that make us feel so temporarily good. Now it's time to focus on what you wanna create.

And as I said, you already are creating it. You don't have to start manifesting. You're already manifesting. So as we go through these areas, why don't you look at what's showing up and which areas what's showing up in which areas for you? We put too much emphasis on manifestation and action, taking action, but remember in order to take action, force action.

You just need to get into alignment. To get into alignment, we need to bring that mind, that emotion, that heart, and that focus all working together as a powerful force. The only thing that can kick you out of alignment is my emotions. The three year old in your passenger state. Define what you want, Create a goal.

Give me the congruent steps to get there and start walking. Right? Here's the secret. One step at a time. You've gotta put your ego aside be the student for a bit.

And when you declare a path forward, you're asking for something. Whatever it is, you're asking for something, whether it's more clients or more money or to master my craft or to gain more self confidence, more love. And then the universe provides the stage. And if you don't step forward, that is not receiving what you've asked for. So once you ask for it, you have to honor yourself to step up to receive it.

So true path, your true path Your true path is that in a yearning to become. Okay? It's to walk a certain path. Resistance is not accepting where you are right now. And suffering exists when you attach to a particular form and then feel like you can't change it, or you've attached to a particular form that's out of reach.

And that's a fantasy, right? And that's not now that's not happening right now, and then this is set as your habit. So creation, creative energy. Is boundless. We all have access to it.

It is a universe of infinite possibility. Now, it's not yours. It comes through you. It's infinite. No one else in their creative flow is taking away from your creative flow.

You all get it. Simultaneously. Okay? So if you sing, you are to wake up every day and sing. Sing joyfully.

If you write, you wake up every day and write, even if it's not your job yet. If you play, wake up every day and play. If you act, wake up every day and act. If you speak, wake up every day and speak. Do it.

Do this thing that you're afraid of. Do this thing you want, even if you're just putting a toe in the water every day, 30 minutes, master it, follow joy, walk towards it. Remember who you are, living with intention, loving with intention. Remember what you want living with intention, loving with intention. How's this poem?

I bargained with life for a penny. And life would pay no more. However, I begged at evening when I counted my scanty store. For life as just an employer, he gives you what you ask, but once you have set the wages, why you must bear the task. I worked for a menial hire only to learn dismayed that any wage I had asked of life.

Life would have paid. No more, no less than what you ask for. No more and no less than what you believe you're worth. No more and no less than what you stand up to claim for yourself every single day in a place of love and joy. For once you have set the wages, where you must bear the task.

You are attracting right now. Are you attracting in love, or are you attracting in lack? They're both very powerful, and they're both working.

==== End of Transcript: 06 Creation ====