Content Curator K5 


Just one but DON’T LAUNCH
Be sure you BETA TEST it.
HOME WORK 
+  COACHING


Why do we BETA TEST
1: Practice Speaking Master Content Practice - Mastery
2: Refine this Content If you cannot explain it SIMPLY…
3: Develop more Content around their needs and objections
4: Testimonials + Social Proof
5: Does it light you up?


TOP FEAR Fear of Rejection


CLOSE SECOND Once I give it all away it’s GONE.


The more you give 
the more you get.


DEVELOPING CONTENT 
I have been curating fresh content for the stage and workshops consistently for 14 years. 
Some people might hear that and say OH wow how do you keep finding things to say and THATS exactly the point 
I am a Content Curator I can’t stop. content begets content the more I create and watch you consume the more I get and the more I make.


The steps keep unfolding and I can see when they get too big and when people get stuck. 
Let me give you another cool insight: if all content is connected around Mastery, Money, Personal-Growth, Business and Entertainment then people get stuck on those exact things 
and mostly they get stuck around the identity of becoming something in one of these areas. 


Beta testing brings all of that up.  Every OBJECTION you create new steps for. You will see entire new branches and verticals form. 
New content is created instantly just from coaching people through the content.


The top selling categories for ebooks on Amazon are:
ROMANCE | Love, is there anything more important (fiction)
﻿﻿NON-fiction
Religion & Spirituality = God
﻿﻿Biographies & Memoirs / Other Peoples Stories
﻿﻿Business: is Life
Money + Personal finances | Abundance + Freedom
﻿﻿Self Help ~ Change + Growth
Health + Wellness = Self care
﻿﻿Cookbooks: Nurturing Pleasure Family and Social
In that order


In the realm of business, there’s a game-changer that often gets overlooked: the power of speaking on stage. 


Whether you’re addressing a crowd in person or virtually, the impact of confidently sharing your message transcends the boundaries of traditional marketing tactics.
Look at selfie reels of people simply talking to their phone camera. Everywhere.


SPEAKING confidently is public speaking. in-person or online although there is NOTHING like the pressure you feel in-person. 
Speakers are anyone with a forward facing brand with social media.Any business owner that goes to networking events. 


All Stage or Workshop Hosts, Presenters, Instructors, Coaches, brand and product ambassadors. 
Speaking terrifies most people . . But it’s not the speaking that you are afraid of . . . It’s the rejection, the AM I good enough question that hovers over you like a dense fog.


Now as a speaker of 14 years I can honestly say . . . 
25 People in a room or 11,000 in a room or online trust me there’s no difference. 


Learn to breathe, ground your feet, set your intention, speak your heart and prepare incredible content.


I learned how to craft a talk that kept the room dead silent. 


I learned I could bring half the room to tears instantly by saying 2 things. 


The first is the incredible emotional bond good or bad we feel when you talk about our parents 


and the second when I talk about the incredible bond of being a parent and not having an unlived life because your children will do as you do.


I learned how to connect from the stage instead of sell from the stage and I learned Content Curation, Speaking and Teaching were my CALLING for sure so I want you know getting up on that stage and finding my confident voice 10x my business and my income. 
Perhaps most importantly, speaking on stage has the potential to catapult your business and income to new heights. By leveraging your confident voice and expertise, you attract opportunities, clients, and partnerships that may have seemed out of reach before.
In conclusion, the stage is a powerful platform for business owners, entrepreneurs, and influencers alike. Whether you’re sharing your insights, inspiring your audience, or forging connections, speaking on stage is a catalyst for growth, both personally and professionally. 
So, step into the spotlight, embrace your confident voice, and watch as your business and income soar to new heights.


The top 8 most admired skills of a speaker are 


Confidence:         Just for standing up there        
Authenticity:         SO Keep it real
Charisma:  Be Charming use your personality        
Communication Skills:         I mean hello you have the mic
Empathy: My story in relation to you
Resilience: I did it HOW I do it        
Inspiration: How do you empower
Impact: What you give and the impression you make


DESIGN AS INDIVIDUAL Downloadable TEMPLATE
Design as a Stand alone downloadable and keep it in the homework
SPEAKING PRO TIPS / Map or Checklist
1. Education Engaging Entertaining Empowering
2. Breathing prepare. 
3. Breathing through emotion. Acknowledge the nerves
4. Body Language, hand gestures, movement.
5. Sitting vS Standing energy
6. Podium /free to move by request 
7. *Mic Remote Laptop Adaptors  
8. *Belt Move Sweat Mic pack (Jewelry) Change 
9. *Style color Eddie Murphy
10. Cadence, Pitch, Tone (fry) Speed, annunciation. 
11. Stay on point
12. *OP Quotes
13. Stories are wonderful if they’re relevant, interesting or entertaining
14. What you will learn. What I will teach you. This is sales video content not how you start a segment. 
15. Q & A at the end. 
16. Call for questions, PRE presentation and select the best. Give multiple options to each question. I experienced I tried I saw others try DIY or outsource. 
17. Crowd work 
18. First line comes in strong.  
19. First 10 seconds/minute
20. Last line closes out strong. Crescendo strong close! 
21. NO Standing Ovation for are there any questions.


Where do I stay connected? 
DON’T SELL on stage, give information. That is selling. 
Take a physical product and ask for a table or area to sell. 


Low fee / No fee. Travel. Food. Accommodation. Assistants.


Meet and greet zone. Book sign. Selfies. 
Provide a Free private link to a relevant video for the audience As a gift or lead generation. 


Stay connected. Next step. 


Photos. On stage. Social. 
Video Showreel Professional Speaker Trailer / Audio
Visual Keynote
Oprah Moment


Let's debunk the Artist that cant get paid.


Don’t get the artist and creator confused. 
My sister is an artist, truly and madly she is masterful and she is deeply entrenched in her art Artists need management and sales systems 


They need sales people around them I even wrote a CHECKLIST for MONETIZING ARTISTS 
If you want to be an artist get someone to sell you and if you want to be sustainable have them build a system around you.


When am I an artist? 
When am I a business person? 
A creator is both. 
When are these two in conflict - usually around pricing myself, pricing my craft and receiving money in equal exchange. 


When I make art for others it’s their rules and I thrive at first being paid to create.


but if the creator in you needs to evolve then changing how you create becomes the hurdle when I make art for me I don't get paid. 


For an artist or a creator when you are not able to create in your field of genius you wilt and die.
Example: I love taking photographs but I don't want to create client portraits any more I want to create art so I either monetize my art or I monetize my self and business in a way that means I’m making money while I sleep so I can create art and I don't work I create. This changed my life.


So I sit my sister down…


8 WAY to Monetize ARTISTS 
Income
Make|Sell a product / at Market / Online / Retail or Gallery
Create|Print|Manufacture / at Market / Online / Retail
Commission work (for client) $ for time
Limited Edition 1/100
Teacher/Instructor/Speaker/Presenter IP or ONL
Product Ambassador/Sponsorship
Digital Products (Videos/Guides/ebooks)
License content / Stock Libraries


… and laid out the path


Take an ARTIST - My Sister
Make a PRODUCT - Her Art
Create a BRAND - Name Title Description 3x3
Build a SALES system - Website ecommerce
Market PRODUCT - Social
Market BRAND - Social
Manage the ARTIST - Sustainable income / more art


SO SIMPLE My sister does not want to do ANY of that!!
So as I’m pelting her with paths to income I can see she is wilting. 
BUT My nephew who is a computer science major was literally like me I could see the systems just floating around in front of me like the queens gambit I could see him getting lit up. 


I walk him through the whole system and I say thats how you create a business thats how you monetize someone and you can literally take that model with any creator and build this system around them and you are getting paid to create a business.


I am a creative and yes I am okay with calling myself an artist I am crafty I am arty I create I photograph I illustrate I design but I feel more comfortable with creator than artist.


Also building the systems, seeing the system, finding my way through each system finding my value in those systems and watching them make money so I can be free to create more for me is joyful . . . 


Know your strengths and outsource the rest.




In 1989 18 I wanted to be a paid Artist 7k
1993 a paid photographer 9-13k
2001 Freelance Photographer 21-28k
2003 my own Studio 50-100k 1m 
2009 teach my business model 190-280k
2012 I wanted to teach online        280-450k
2015 education platform 450-1m 
2022 AT home Content Curator 250-450k 
Which by my definition is a paid artist




I DON’T work I CREATE it’s such a simple concept but working is not what I do I write content I develop content I make content I create content work is a loaded word.


Lets BREAK DOWN PRICING and margins because it’s these Margins of VALUE where you get paid! 


What is a digital product worth?
What are you worth?
PRICING | E-commerce Online SALES | Sales System 
Pricing + Sales is a VALUE metric . . .
A very common questions is how do you price yourself? I was bold enough 12 years ago to set a public standard for my industry.


I kind of Reverse engineer 
How to make a Million dollars in a year 


5000 people buy a $200 product or pay $17 per month
2000 people buy a $500 product or pay $42 per month
1000 people buy a $1000 product or pay $83 per month
500 people buy a $2000 product or pay $167 per month
300 people buy a $3333 product or pay $278 per month


I created 28 days the Coaching Series for Photographers and launched a video a day for 28 days. You could watch free and live everyday. They sold it for $199 MY intention was set and my goal was to be the first 1 million dollar workshop.


At the end of the month we filmed the final video and we set the sale price and 


At 9.30pm the night of the final sale Craig said well good effort youre at about $693k thats astronomical and I said huh


I woke up in the morning and there was a text from the CEO that said we hit 1m at 18 minutes past midnight


They asked me in to break down how I did this. I said it was simple you sell a $200 product I created content that I knew 5000 people needed and I showed them how to do it. STEP by STEP








BETA TEST Grow BETA TEST
Develop BETA TEST Practice 




COACHING + HOMEWORK