==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 06 - Creation ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. I'm Nikki Closer. Your host of the cell value deep dives with Sue Bryce. You're in the hot seat again today.

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | So today's deep dive is from video 6 Create it,

Sue Bryce | and

Nikki Closser | I know you love this one.

Sue Bryce | I do.

Nikki Closser | So you believe you can create anything your heart desires. I've seen you teach it. I've seen you do it. I've done it myself. How do people get better at it?

Sue Bryce | You know, it's, I believe you can do anything when your heart is willing. And so your heart is willing. Your heart is willing. It's always willing. Your heart is what is willing you to become, to grow, to achieve anything in your life.

Sue Bryce | So when I say you can achieve anything, you if you truly want it in your mind and your emotion is excited and clear or even trebaceous or It doesn't matter. You're still gonna move forward with fear, and you connect that heart to it's something you really want. That's what it is. And I know you can't get to focus in alignment without being the next step. It's congruent.

Sue Bryce | It's a commitment. You can only commit to something that you really love. Like, you're just joyful about it. So you show up every day. So the more connected you are in your heart focus, then the more you're gonna show up and your focus which causes action, of course, forces the action because you're just in alignment with what you want.

Sue Bryce | So when I say your heart has to be willing, it not only has to be willing. It has to be connected then to showing up every day to do it. So that is the bit that you can create. Now you can't create something with somebody else in mind, you can only create for yourself. Right?

Sue Bryce | I mean, you can create for to give to out to other people, but you can't create intention. I can't create intention for you. That's free will and you have that. So when you want some thing. When you truly want it and you wanna start walking towards it, it's the stepping towards it every day that brings the most amount of action, and you only ever get there when it's joyful, when it's hard connection.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, you can. You can create anything you want. You can find a way And when you really want something, you do find a way, you really do. It's it's your highest priority. Other things will take less of a priority in your life when you truly want something for yourself.

Sue Bryce | So you can.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So, Sue, during during the self value workshop, you talked about manifesting, and you told us stop trying to manifest, stop thinking about what you wanna manifest because you're already manifesting. Will you

Sue Bryce | talk a little bit more about that? I wanna manifest. You're already are manifesting the opposite. You've already met you you're coming from a place that I don't have it straight away. So I wanna manifest money.

Sue Bryce | Obviously, means you don't have money So it's just the way you're seeing it, the way you're talking about it, the word manifest is wrong. Oh, it's not wrong. It's been misused or people heard it the wrong way. I always changed it to manifest action instead of manifestation because to me it was like, yes, you're gonna manifest what you want by creating a very strong picture in your mind, and then you're gonna take action. So you're manifesting with action, but the truth is is when you create that strong picture in your mind, alignment is action.

Sue Bryce | As soon as I'm in alignment, you don't actually get to the next step until you hold a focus for a certain amount of time, positive or negative, right? So if you hold a positive focus and it starts to work, then instantly you see what coming forward. So it's a big one creating it. You're already creating. So instead of saying I wanna manifest and thinking about what you were.

Sue Bryce | People will tell me that they're thinking about what they wanna manifest. And I'm like, everything you have right now, you're manifesting. Doing it right now, the bank account you have, the relationship you have, the body you have, the life you have, the job you have, the business, you have everything right now is a direct reflection of what you believe you're worth, and you're manifesting that in the now. So don't try and manifest anything. Change what you're manifesting daily.

Sue Bryce | Look at it like this, and I did say that I think I said this on state. I look at myself like I'm a nuclear reactor. I'm always creating energy. Like, always, I'm either stable or I'm unstable. Now when I'm stable, I can power the earth because I'm this energy, this creation energy is powerful indeed.

Sue Bryce | And when I'm unstable, I'll destroy it. Those are the 2 energies with which I operate. I am now a lot of people are not destroying their path They're just stuck in their path. So what are they manifesting? They're manifesting the same thing every day.

Sue Bryce | Yep. Because they are not going past their emotional response to it. So It's not even a matter of some people destroy, some people create. I'm a bit of a, force of nature because like I said in the last video, I've command and self assurance, and I'm an activator. So it makes me run at a wall even when I'm just learning something.

Sue Bryce | So I know I have that in my nature or in my strengths, but the truth is is that most people are just stuck. In the rat will of living an everyday life paying rent on a diet, unhappy, unfulfilled but not building, not growing, or just constantly just getting stuck in my thoughts and my emotions. So it's tumultuous. It's up and down, up and down, up and down. You're still manifesting.

Sue Bryce | You're still creating in this space. So now that you're gonna get good at this, you're gonna up and you're gonna say, I feel like, you know, crap today for these reasons. And then a little voice inside your head in gonna sound very much like my accent at first. It's gonna say, then you're manifesting in this energy right now. This is the state in which we dwell.

Sue Bryce | And the state in which we dwell is attracting our day right now. And as soon as I learned that, I was like, oh, I'm not gonna get stuck in this energy anymore because that means I'm attracting exactly from this space right now. And if I'm talking about debt, Okay. Another one, here's another good one. If I'm talking about debt, I'm gonna get more debt.

Sue Bryce | So whenever I lose money or you know, I get an unexpected bill or something happens. Like, recently, it came up and it was $7000 to fix our roof. And you just feel like 7, like, 1000 dollars, you know, like that. And in my head, I'm trying to get the value. And I'm like, what is this?

Sue Bryce | And this has just came from nowhere. And then in my brain, I was like, pay it. Ask it back. Pay it. Ask it back.

Sue Bryce | So I'm like, oh, so I pay it. And then I said at the universe, oh, needed to fix my roof this month. So I'm gonna need an extra $7000 and I I sort of said it in a happy way and I did a dance. And I was like, oh, and then I was like, It's coming back to me. It's coming back to me.

Sue Bryce | I don't have to ask how. I don't have to even ask where is it coming from? I don't have to ask when. All I I don't have to convince the universe that I need $7000. I ask for it no more and no less.

Sue Bryce | And then I did it joyfully. I called for it, and then I believed it's coming to me. And it did. And I think to myself, didn't ask for 21,000 because that's what we do. But we have the ability to switch into an energy of creation every day, but it has to be clear of old story and drama and problems.

Sue Bryce | So there's no problem focused in creation room. There's no resistance in the creation room. There's no in a monologue. There's no there's no somebody speaking back to you. My thoughts and my emotions do not speak in the creative room, they, just enjoy.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Well, they might think joyful thought Like, this is so much fun, and I don't wanna be taken away from this right now. But, yeah, all creation

Nikki Closser | It's so interesting because I don't think people really look at manifesting as that you can manifest the negative. So it's It it's a really powerful way to look at it.

Sue Bryce | Look at everything you're doing

Nikki Closser | is manifesting.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Look at how illness gets trapped in your body. Look at how emotion gets trapped in your body. Exactly. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And then it becomes illness and trapped energy and dis ease dis ease in the bottom. And it's it's phenomenal. So look at it like this. You are a kinetic being. You are energy.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. You have to wake up in the morning and say I am energy. I'm attracting in my now what I think right now and what I think right now is and then you connect. You connect with you. You connect with what you want.

Sue Bryce | You connect with your intuition. You connect with your goals. You connect with your concurrency, your next steps. What are the next steps for me? What is the glass ceiling here?

Sue Bryce | What is the limit of my emotional growth in this space? So anything now that you're confronted with in your life, Nikki, The question you'll ask yourself is instantly my emotional response to this thing, to this person, to this situation, to this experience is responding in this way. And if you notice it's not growing in that way, it's stuck in that emotion, you won't grow past it. So then you can at least go, oh, what's triggering me here and keeping me small? What's keeping me small?

Sue Bryce | Because I don't wanna be kept small anymore. And I say it all the time. I I have this adverse reaction to I am enough. I am enough For who? I am enough.

Sue Bryce | Screw enough. I enough is not enough. No. Enough. I'm more than enough, but then I was talking to my coach, Jen, and she said, but she has that tattooed on her body.

Sue Bryce | And she was like, to her, a little girl that grew up with a mom that told you she wasn't enough, that, to hear that mantra for her, was everything. I'm enough to be in this room. Well, for me, I realized when she told me that I've spent my life being too much. I'm the opposite to being enough. I don't struggle to get attention in a room.

Sue Bryce | I'm the person who always needed too much attention or too much energy or just stands out too much. Mhmm. And I've been too much my whole life. So if you're not enough or if you're too much, it doesn't matter that's your self perception and what you see from all the people around you. But when it comes time to creating it for yourself, if you don't see yourself as more, you can ask for more, which means you can't possibly step up to receive more.

Sue Bryce | So you have to see yourself as more in order to create more for yourself but know this when you wake up in the morning, you are manifesting at full power, the state in which you dwell for the day will bring you the success of the day. And if you wanna try this with me, let's challenge ourselves. Wake up tomorrow. Get your self into alignment with something you wanna do, whether it's your business, whether it's a personal goal, get yourself into alignment. I want this I'm clear.

Sue Bryce | I'm gonna do this. I'm connected. I'm focused. Show up. I have clarity certainty conviction commitment, concurrency.

Sue Bryce | Consistency. Start showing up. Start showing up. Get yourself into alignment. Now once you feel the alignment, see all your goosebumps, Right?

Sue Bryce | I just say alignment, and my physical being understands we're locking in for something good because I It just keeps flaring all my goosebumps. Just keep these things that light you up, they're important. That energy is important. So now when I walk into a room, I'm transmitting alignment. Like, I'm transmitting alignment.

Sue Bryce | I am a force to be reckoned with because I am somebody standing in the room with clear emotion self worth, self value, and I have more than enough to give every person in this room because heart energy is magnetic and everybody wants to be near it. So you can see that building that momentum in your own alignment is powerful. Indeed, once you work this out, you won't go back, you won't stay stuck, You can't stay stuck. You won't stay stuck. You can't stay stuck anymore.

Sue Bryce | So Go to your emotional self. If it hurts too much that you have to go to avoidance, break that first. Because the avoidance will just keep pulling you down. It'll be it'll make it about the food or the weight or the spending, and it's not about any of those things. Avoidance is where you go when you don't want to face the big goals and the big dreams, but now you know how to get into alignment.

Sue Bryce | If you do that first, alignment is your goal.

Nikki Closser | Sue, you talk about being a master creator and, you know, how people can be in lack and in love. What about for people who are, you know, you say everyone's a master creator, but what if they're stuck in that sort of in lack mode,

Sue Bryce | then you just, what you're really doing is manifesting the rat wheel. You manifest you get stuck when you're stuck, that rat will of I can't move forward because there's suffering. Mhmm. And when we're in the rat wheel, the only way to live in the rat wheel is to live with our avoidance, which is what makes us feel good when we suffer. So we go from suffering to avoidance, and we all know that avoidance ends with addiction.

Sue Bryce | So we're either eating it or gossiping. Or we're finding a way to not live our dreams. Right? And what you're manifesting in this moment is just more struggle. But the best part is is in that struggle, you cry out, right?

Sue Bryce | Because you all have moments of pain, where you go to your avoidance and then you'll forget and then you zone out again because you're eating gambling, spending, whatever, then you'll come back to the reality Now I not only didn't face what I had to face in my emotional self. I now have debt or I'm putting on weight. Or people have started to notice that I'm spending or people have started to notice that I'm gambling. All of a sudden, you've gone from suffering to avoidance. But still you've got to get to a place where you can start creating.

Sue Bryce | So when you wake up every day and you get stuck in that rat wheel, you're attracting more rat wheel. And there's no way out The only way out of the rat wheel is to go to avoidance because that feels good, but guess what? That's not gonna last long. So Now you're actually faced with having to accept. You have to accept that what you wanted the way you wanted it is not working.

Sue Bryce | You have to accept that you're simply focused on what you don't want and that you're attracting more of that every single day. And you have to start getting really clear about what you want. And the only way to get clear about what you want is to get clear about what you don't want. Anymore. So right, don't want this anymore list.

Nikki Closser | Okay. This I feel like it can be a little confusing, though, because it's like if you're talking about what you don't want, aren't you sort of focusing on what you don't want and then manifesting more of what you don't want. Like, how does that work?

Sue Bryce | But see, you that's actually is what you're focused on right now. You actually are focused on what you don't want with what you have. That's why it's not working, but the irony is that when you focus on what you don't want, you get more of what you don't want. So when you say what do I want, Most people can't tell you what their needs are because they haven't explored or unfolded them yet, but every person can tell you what they don't want. Every single person will sit there, even the shiest, most introverted people will sit there because they're angry.

Sue Bryce | All of a sudden, they'll be forceful. They'll say, I don't want this anymore. I don't wanna do this anymore. I don't want people to make me feel this way anymore. I don't want this situation anymore.

Sue Bryce | I don't want this person to treat me this way anymore. I don't want debt anymore. I don't want money paying anymore. I don't want this. Tell me what you don't want any more.

Sue Bryce | Write that list. Here's the thing. I could not stop doing all the jobs in my business that I hated because I was such a people pleaser. I couldn't give them to other people. And I wrote this list said that said one day, I hate hate is a strong word.

Sue Bryce | I wrote, I hate And I wrote this list of things that I hate doing. I hate doing that. I hate doing that. I hate doing that, and I hate doing that. And I got to the end of it, and I was like, that's 97% of my day.

Sue Bryce | I hated doing 97% of the tasks on my daily list. Hated it. Now I remember writing that. It was in my bad year. It was I had a a backwards year when I left the studio in my business.

Sue Bryce | And I tanked down on money right before I sort of declared my path to teach in 2000 and 10, 9. And I just distinctly remembered thinking I hate my life. I hate my life. Clearly, I hate my life. Because everything I hate doing on this list is what I do every single day, and I hate all of it.

Sue Bryce | So I was like, okay. So writing, I don't want this anymore. It actually activates the energy in your brain. I'm done. I don't want this anymore.

Sue Bryce | And just that alone means I have to change it. And if you can't change it, you have to accept it. You can't accept it. You have to change it. If you can't change it, you have to accept it.

Sue Bryce | No. There is not a third option. Oh, there is. Stay in it. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So you can accept it or change it or stay in it, there is a 3rd option, but the 3rd option you're already doing And it's the only way. And right when you say, I can't because I want you to get to believe back in the car right now, because 2 Believer's gonna say this to you. You're as free as you believe you are. You're as happy as you believe you are. You're as loved as you believe you are.

Sue Bryce | You're as light as you believe you are. You wake up every day and you believe this about yourself. And every time you're stuck as you believe you are. You're as poor as you believe you are. You're as sick as you believe you are.

Sue Bryce | It's you. It's you. It's always you. And and when you start to see that, it's like, I would just say that you're stuck as you believe you are. You're as free as you believe you are.

Sue Bryce | You're as rich as you believe you are. And then I could go back to I believe I'm free, and I believe I can do whatever I want. And I believe money flows to me with great value because I give direction and purpose and value. And I believe I am creating my day every single day, and I believe I create my future. And and now I don't know what's gonna come at me during the day that's life.

Sue Bryce | Life comes at you, but how I see it, how I prepare for it, the energy with which I intentionally create my day and therefore my week, therefore my future is me. It's my power. And all I know is the further I got away from debt, the more I got into a career that I wanted, the more I built a team around me of people I wanted to work with every single day, the more I wanted to go to this incredible career, the more I created with money, the more I got to spend that money doing things and having experiences and buying things I've always dreamed of. These are my values. Your values are different, but every single day I get up, and I'm in alignment with all those areas of my life.

Sue Bryce | And I can honestly say, even though I avoided entire areas of my life, like I avoided my body for years. Health voided it. I avoided money for years until I had to. Even though I avoided entire areas and lived with them shut down, I don't do that now. Like, every area of my life is in alignment, with who I am and what I want.

Sue Bryce | And I work at that. Like, I I have to reset that every year, but, like, okay. And new year, personal goals. My personal goals are important. I want, you know, to have personal goals in my relationship as well so that I can always come to the table as an individual.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, you have to sit down and really do. What do I want this year? New direction? What do I want for myself? What do I want for, you know, my house for everything, for my life, for my career.

Sue Bryce | So you're in charge of it. And whatever you think everybody else in the world thinks of you, you create it. So you believe it. You create it. You are the one in charge of it, and you are the one that can make it absolutely incredible.

Sue Bryce | And that's really what I want. I want everybody to be able to wake up and say that they're creating the the life that they want.

Nikki Closser | Okay. I'm gonna go back to this again, the how. So when you talk about, I'm asking Universe for more money, but how you know, talk more about that concept. Like, where does this where does the money come from when people ask for it? Just just all of that.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So the idea that you woke up Like, money pain is horrible because it makes you feel horrible, and it's shameful. And there's so many are guilt, and there's so many other energies and resentment in there, and it's really difficult to weed through all of that. So when you tell people to start asking for more and then showing up for more, and then you've got to see more, then the first thing everybody says is, okay, I'm gonna ask for this. And they tell you.

Sue Bryce | And you're like, okay. And then they say, how? And you say, what do you mean? And they go, but how I don't know how that money would come. And you go, well, just imagine that it's gonna come.

Sue Bryce | Doesn't matter how it's gonna come, but it's going to come. So if you just put it out there, you believe that it's gonna come with the faith that it's coming and that you believe it's coming, then, that's enough. You as soon as you say how you send it back, and everybody go, just does the same thing. They're just like, okay.

Nikki Closser | But but how? Yeah. But what about the people who are like, I want a $1,000,000? Yeah. But they're not taking action.

Nikki Closser | Well, like, where does the I guess, come in place.

Sue Bryce | You don't have to take action. You have to get into alignment to that $1,000,000. So if the $1,000,000 forced an alignment that created action, then that would be easy. But if you just say I want a $1,000,000 and you sit on the couch with your hands, turn your pants, Right. Well, then you're not gonna manifest anything.

Sue Bryce | Unless you manifested it just showing up, but you'd have to have some pretty awesome alignment energy to believe that. Now when we say the word believe, you need some evidence. And so when I say I believe that money is coming to me, you are saying, how? Because if you say, if you tell me how it's coming, then I will not and then I will believe that it's coming, but the truth is here's the truth of it. You just have to have faith that it's gonna show up.

Sue Bryce | The second you ask how you give it a rule that it can only come through this way And that's why it doesn't work. You're in the wrong energy if you're asking how. You're you're asking how and dead of the big picture and the big picture is I want this. The universe provides you no more and no less than what you ask for. This is a law.

Sue Bryce | And I think the best story for that would be when I when I first wanted to leave my full time employment and become self employed. And it was just pulling me apart. My emotional response to putting myself out there was not growing. I couldn't get past this shame. I couldn't get past this low value.

Sue Bryce | Couldn't get past the fact that I had not broken through money value yet. So I was an imposter, and I was working with low value. But the thing is is I really, really wanted to be self employed, but I didn't have a camera or money to leave the job that I had. So I went to a coach and he said, what would you need? Now he could have asked a million people what they would need to take the next step but I told him I needed a camera $2000 cash, and that would give me a month.

Sue Bryce | And that if I had a month of survival, I would do what it took to get to the next month. This was my business plan. We're so similar. Survival only. And he sent me to task, and and he said, well, I'll give you a free business coaching session if you come back in 4 weeks time with $2000 and a camera.

Sue Bryce | Boy, did I hustle? I got that camera, and that was a cool story. I got the $2000, and that was a cool story. And I did everything. He said, I walked back in there 4 weeks slated, and I knocked on that door.

Sue Bryce | I opened the door and I was holding my money and I was holding the camera, and he said, you did it. And I said, yes. And he said, no more and no less. And I just looked at him, and he said you didn't ask for 20,000. In my head, what I thought in my head when he said you didn't ask for 20,000, my head said, I wouldn't have got 20,000.

Sue Bryce | Where would $20,000 have come from? Mhmm. So even teaching me that lesson in that moment, also showed me my own awareness that my thoughts were stopping any more money from coming because when he said you didn't ask for $20,000 not only did I not think of asking for any more than 2000? I didn't even think to ask for a dollar more than what he told me to ask for. How dare I ask for more?

Sue Bryce | That when he even said it to me, no more and no less than what I told you to get, what I told you to get. My thought was still scarcity. It was still going to, but I wouldn't have got that because where would I have got $20,000 from? I can't believe I got 2000. I can't believe.

Sue Bryce | I can't believe sends away everything. So that means I believe brings everything to truth. So no more and no less than what you ask for, what you show up to receive, and alignment creates action. Alignment creates action. If you're trying to force yourself to go to networking, to sell, to do anything from a place of scarcity, or emotional, like, rat wheel stuck in the am I got enough?

Sue Bryce | I just need validation. You're just gonna get stuck in this little vortex for a while. It's the vortex of self doubt Mhmm. And suffering. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Enjoy that car ride. And when you're ready, kick suffering out, self doubt, out, old story, out, pick up to believe. No more and no less than what you are 4, and then step up to receive. Let's go.

Nikki Closser | It's such a good reminder.

Sue Bryce | It is. And and also, remember, last year, didn't save any money. I invested in some stuff and I did some stuff. I didn't save any money. Why didn't give any money direction for saving?

Sue Bryce | None. So my bank account stays still. And that's what we do. When we're inactive, you're still manifesting. Remember that?

Sue Bryce | You're still manifesting when you're stuck. Okay. You're still manifesting. It's the state in which you dwell. So if you wanna know why something keeps showing up the same way every single time, go for a drive with my thoughts and my emotions and just have a look at what they're focused on.

Sue Bryce | And any focus that you hold for a sustainable amount of time is the state in which you dwell, which is the state in which you are attracting from break the loop now.

Nikki Closser | Sue, our next one is love

Sue Bryce | Oh, that's my favorite one.

Nikki Closser | It is definitely a good one. It's one of my favorite ones too.

Sue Bryce | Well, the only pure love you'll ever find in this world is the love you have for yourself. You know, I I enjoy everything I've created in my life. I enjoy the home I built, the friends I've made. I I'm enjoying this journey. I'm enjoying my marriage.

Sue Bryce | I'm enjoying my family now. I'm enjoying everything that I love in my life. But nothing really prepared me for liking myself, for loving myself. Because I always kind of liked who I was, but I just felt like it wasn't working the way I wanted it to. It's like I didn't feel like I was getting the opportunities or the chances that other people were getting.

Sue Bryce | I felt for a long time it wasn't fear that life is hard and that Once I started to live this way in self value and that everything gets better, your relationships get better, you know, your money gets better, your every day gets better. Like, I really love who I am, and I experience that. Like, I have I experienced that every single day, and that's joyful when you haven't loved who you are for a long time, or you didn't get to learn that or that you can be the exact person that you wanna be. And that's what I just saw turning 50 turning 51. I saw a picture of myself, and I was looking at it.

Sue Bryce | And I I thought for a minute, I was looking at it like I was a child. Because I was think seeing this woman on in this photograph, and I was thinking, oh, this woman is. And I was like, wait. That's me. And I was like, this woman I was like, oh, so I instantly felt like a kid looking at this woman.

Sue Bryce | And I thought I've become the woman that I dreamed of becoming in when I was little, I think I see my I saw myself, and I just I don't know. I I feel like this work It just makes you whole, and it makes you feel good about everything that you do. And it doesn't matter if what other people are doing in their life. When you start to vibrate with this work and do the self love work, other people are just attracted to you. And they wanna do the work too.

Sue Bryce | It's beautiful. It it it cycles up. And then you realize drama cycles everybody, you and everybody around you down. Mhmm. But this work, this value work cycles you and everybody around you up.

Sue Bryce | Don't try and cycle your children up without cycling yourself up. But when you do and you're setting the mood of the house and you've got this Upbeat. You're in alignment with what you want. That means you're in your flow every single day. That means you're in your joy.

Sue Bryce | How can you not be a better human, a better parent, a better partner, than being fully in your flow, and in your joy? And I want that put everybody.

Nikki Closser | And now you do. Alright. Love is next. We will be back for the next video. We'll see you soon.

Sue Bryce | Thanks, Nikki.

Nikki Closser | Thanks, Sue.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 06 - Creation ====
