==== Start of Transcript: Coaching 01 - Self Perception ====

Welcome to self value coaching. This is an 8 video coaching series, and it's called I am Becoming. It doesn't matter if you watch it in 8 days or in 8 weeks or in 8 months, and it doesn't matter if you redo it, as many times as you want. I want from these 8 videos to unfold what you really want and also to connect you to who you really are on the inside and to ignite the connection to your true part. We start with self perception because we're gonna start with this identity that you think you are.

So this series is about who am I, what have I got, what do I want, and my current identity, which is who I am being right now. So let's look at the first identity you get, which is from mom and dad. And obviously that identity seems to stick with you for a good part of your life. Now we can spend our whole lives analyzing our thoughts and analyzing our emotions. We do spend most of our lives analyzing our childhoods, our parents, and all of the mistakes that they made.

Was I loved enough? Was I valued? These were the first people that demonstrated what love and acceptance is So if you didn't get a really good example of what love and acceptance is, then how would you have known? So we over analyze how we were loved, how they loved us, if they did or did not meet our needs, and we do this to understand where these limits that we have came from. But after that, there is nothing left there, but what is past?

And now I hear and feel and experience everything in my now through that filter of my past. Also, when we grow up, we contrast and we compare, and we might see that we don't like the identity that our parents embody And we don't want their identity. We want our own identity. That's why teenagers long for their own identity and push back on yours so much. So I say for this coaching series, I want you to stop dissecting your past.

I want you to stop dissecting mum and dad, stop blaming them. They are not coming back to fix this. In fact, you not only can fix this, you can probably bring a whole lot of self love to them. In order to move forward, you can't let go of the past, but you have to let it be in the past. That's why we talk about acceptance of what was so that you can just let it be in the past.

Also know that the filter that you see feel and and just process everything through is a filter from your past. Once you understand it and accept it, it makes processing now through that filter so much easier. It is my intention with this coaching series for you to discover all of your unmet needs and all of the things you simply are not asking for in your life, and instead of feeling stuck, and resentful that your needs are not met, that your needs are never met, you're going to learn how to speak up for all of these needs so that you can give them to yourself. I want you to give yourself the time you deserve. I want you to give yourself the love you deserve.

The abundance you deserve, the self care, and the acceptance you deserve, and the permission you need to ignite this beautiful, creative, abundant life that you're stepping into. You need to understand that your parents didn't give you this, because they did not know how. And it all seems so unfair, right? When you look back, some people just got good parents and others did not. But what is a good parent?

What is a good parent to you? What needs do you wish they had been able to meet? Why weren't you good enough to be loved? Because they did not love themselves. And they did not live their dreams.

So how could they teach you how to do both of those things? And if they hate themselves, and you are this little child, this little mirror image of them, and you have traits and actions that trigger their lack, then you're just a little mirror to all they hide and all they hate in themselves. You will trigger their shame you will trigger their limits. And as a child, you might feel so unworthy and unlovable and it's all because they simply did not love themselves. So I say you are currently getting everything you believe you deserve right now.

And you know what? You may have believed for a really long time that your love needs are met by someone else. That someone else gives you love, that someone else gives you love and support and time and presence and respect and money. And that is simply not true. This video is about identity.

So we unfold what that is. Do you like your identity right now in all areas of your life. Do you like the way you are treated by the people in each of these areas? Do you feel respected, connected, and loved in your relationship, in your love relationship, in your family, at your workplace, in your social circle? Do you feel abundant in your career and in your home life?

Do you feel connected in all of these areas of your life. Acceptances love, yes. But love does not come to you. It comes from you. Love is a verb.

Love is a state of being. So being able to fully be me and demonstrate boundaries of self love and self confidence and self acceptance is the self love everyone craves within themselves. This coaching series is not about finding you or fixing you. It's about finding your alignment It's about connection to you, your body, your emotional needs, your physical needs, your career, your new business, your path forward, your love relationships, your family unit, unit, and your money flow. You know, the brain is so powerful.

Words are so powerful. Thoughts, become emotional responses, and then they attach to moral thoughts. And then old stories come up, and they lock us into these loops of negativity, and the story we start repeating becomes our truth. And this feels like being stuck in your life because your emotions are your limits, but really you're just stuck in your own thoughts. And getting stuck in your head, getting stuck in your thoughts, stuck in your old beliefs, stuck in your self hate.

This is not heart activation, and this is not alignment. So if suffering is not having that which I want and not being with who I wanna be with, then I want to create the life that I want. I want to meet my needs. I want to live how I want to with whom I want with the income that is right for me so I can share these experiences with all those I love. And I am here to create me I am the purpose.

So I used to live this stuck, broke, poor me. My needs are never met. Oh, wait. Do I even know what my needs are? I used to live this way.

I hated my body. I used to say it's not fair. There was never enough money. But that's how I lived. I was just stuck in my own head, living there.

I was resentful that I wasn't getting what I wanted, and that is suffering. I spent many years dissecting my trauma and analyzing my parents and childhood. And then when I started to actually create the life I wanted, the career I wanted, the body I wanted, the relationships I wanted, I realized I stopped living in my past trauma in my brain. I stopped empowering it and reactivating it every day. When I created the life I truly wanted, I stopped living in avoidance, I stopped living in resentment, and I stopped living these old excuses.

You have a current self perception and mostly the self perception self perception is based on how people treat you and respond to you in all of those areas. You're going to see this in your homework. You can be different in every area of your life, I was, I always had great friendships and a great family unit, but I was suffering in my career. I was suffering bring in my money. I was suffering in my body.

You know, not all areas of your life are tanking at the same time. Some can be very whole and in alignment, you always know when you're being your true self in any area of your life So have a look at all areas of your life, right, because this is not what the world thinks of you. This is what you believe the world thinks of you in this area of your life, and that means this is what you really think of you. And that's what you're projecting. So social awareness is one of the 4 areas of emotional intelligence.

Let's start to come to a winners every day of how many of your old narratives come up every day Look at how your identity shifts when you are with different people. Maybe it shifts to fit in, maybe it shifts to be light. Maybe you come to awareness of people pleasing in certain areas of your life. Instead of being in your full authentic self. So what area of my life feels good right now and what areas of my life feel in alignment?

The law of correspondence states that your external reality is a direct reflection of your internal state. That's why I always say the world is responding to your emotions. Because it truly feels that way, but it's actually you and what you are focused on and how you feel about it. And when that is your focus, That is all you can see. In fact, what other people think of you is in your head, You've decided this identity, and the narrative is yours.

So if you don't like who you are currently being, you can change that. I know that you're thinking I have to do the work, and there's so much work to do but the work is actually just unfolding who you really are with joy and then allowing yourself to become this in full acceptance and love for yourself. We constantly look for acceptance. We constantly look for validation. We believe if I am seen and heard, then I am valuable and I will be loved and accepted.

If I look a certain way, I will be loved and accepted. If I act a certain way, I will be loved and accepted. Nope. I love and accept myself, and I walk my true path And that brings me more of everything that I love, and this is the most magnetic energy there is. We all want love and acceptance.

So love and accept yourself, and then watch everyone magnetize to you. You know, everyone is magnetized to someone who is fully comfortable in their skin, in their authentic self living and loving fully. That's the difference between I want to be seen and heard and loved to I am love I'm so filled with self love, and I'm so in love with my day and my future. That I transmit love. When I love me, people are drawn to my light because it lights their path of becoming more.

Self love is contagious. Think about someone that you're very magnetized to. I bet you they are in alignment, in love with who they are and what they do, and they are transmitting that love, and that's why you are magnetized to them. So I say no more self analysis of the past, just self awareness, no more self analysis of the past, just more self awareness of what I think and say to myself now. Who am I now?

Not who was I, what did my parents give me, say to me, tell me what I want now, what lights me up now, And if my parents were unlived, then my mission in life is to learn how to love and nurture myself now, my all time, favorite Byron, Katie quote, is it's not your job to like me. It's mine. So that means to me, the only question I have to ask is do I like me with my whole heart Do I like me? It's not your job to respect me. It's mine to set that boundary, that is self respect.

It's not your job to value me. It's mine. I'm the only person that knows how to feel value, to feel the value in me. I only have to ask myself, do I value me? Do I value what I do with my whole heart?

It's not your job to love me then, is it? It's mine. So let me show you how. When you look at all the areas of your life, your love relation your body health, your body image, your body connection, your career or your business, your income, your social circle, your self worth, what area of your life are you in love with right now, and what area of your life are you in lack? Where do you feel stuck right now?

What do you want to build, grow, and become? Bring what do you want to bring more of into your life? That's what we are unfolding. Is it your career? Is it a new business, or maybe it's money flow?

It could be body image, self acceptance, self love, and self care. This new identity that you are becoming, did you know you already are this thing? It's inside you. You just step into it and you start to claim that space. You unfold who you really are who you really are inside that you're not being on the outside.

You're not changing. You're not becoming somebody different. You are becoming who you really are inside. People always tell me they want to have or be this new thing. They want to become this new thing.

But when people tell me this new about this new thing, it's always filled with self doubt. It's filled with inertia. It's filled with imposter syndrome. It's filled with ego and comparison. But if the desire is already within you, if you feel called to this thing, then that is coming from inside you.

Make no mistake about it. The coal is coming from inside the house. Got it? When you start to break down this new identity that you're becoming, you'll find out when you start to walk your true path and you start to honor what you really want you start to come to a winners of how much you weren't actually making room in your life or time for yourself to create these things. You simply were not prioritizing yourself to create them, have them, and enjoy them.

As I said, this way of life this new change, this new identity you crave is because you already are these things inside so you've just gotta let them out. What do you really want to change about yourself and why What area do you want to focus on and why? Because remember, before you can start bringing anyone else to this work that you are doing, this work is for you first. You are the purpose. If you want to reconnect a current relationship or attract a new love or work on being a better partner, If you want to heal old patterns with a parent or a sibling, you do not work on them.

Do not work on the other person you work on you and watch all of those relationship dynamics change. In this series, you're going to unfold you And in your daily ritual, we're going to do some big goal setting, but before we even get to clarity of what we want, you first have to learn how to get into alignment, how to create this, and that you are the alignment that creates this. You don't need to find yourself. You're not lost. You are not broken.

You are here to create yourself. Maybe you've been busy over nurturing others, maybe you've been people pleasing and living other people's dreams, rules, and limits, and you just feel stuck. And unfulfilled, uncertain of what really lights you up. So let's look at these 6 big game changes for living in full alignment. These are the big areas I want you to nurture in yourself as you grow, build, and ask for more.

Step up to receive more. I want you to find your powerful voice in all of these areas because to grow you will need to prioritize yourself, your goals, your desires, and your time. And if you struggle to do that, that's going to be a problem. You're going to learn how to set boundaries that speak up for yourself and say, no. You're going to learn how to ask for more.

But you have to believe you are worthy of asking. You are going to have to believe you're worthy of receiving in order to step up to receive. And number 5 is I want you to practice equally change in all you do, and that means valuing yourself. The number 6 is the truth you will learn to speak the truth, self truth, your truth, the truth sets you free. Are you speaking your truth?

Are you living your truth? What you really want and who you want to be the truth about how you really feel. So I prioritize myself now That one took me a long time because I am a recovering people pleaser, and I felt when I did prioritize myself that somebody was going without Do you do that? How often do you give your time away? Do you resent giving your time away?

Prioritizing me, and all I do is not selfish or self serve serving. Prioritizing me is what do I really want? It's being valid enough to actually put yourself into the equation I set boundaries now, and I could never speak up for myself because I didn't believe that my feelings were valid because I didn't want people to not like me. Now I say no. When I don't want to do something, I say no.

Can you do this? Do you struggle to set boundaries? Let me teach you how I still struggle to maintain a boundary when people disrespect or push back on a boundary of set, I instantly revert to people pleasing and then I get angry with myself, but I am aware of it and I acknowledge it. But I get there eventually. Start now.

Just keep a journal of when you feel your boundaries are being breached. Where are you? What area of your life and by whom. Take a note. Just observe it for now.

I learned how to ask for more and receive more. In fact, no more and no less than what I asked for. Let me teach you that lesson because that is transformative in itself. It's the most exact evidence I have ever seen. I believed I was worthy of asking and I stepped up to receive it, and I got exactly what I asked for.

I used to ask for just enough, please, just enough out of desperation, and just enough showed up for me, and never more. But just enough, always showed up. Do you struggle to receive? Are you asking for just enough? And when you ask for it, You know, did you then actually step up to receiver?

So who was I to ask for more? Did you feel that way? Are you asking for more, or is that challenging for you? Sometimes the person we most need to ask is our love relationship or a family member or even a parent, we might be asking them to love us the way we want to be loved, and it's one of the hardest things to ask for from the people that are closest to you, but when you know it's the law of no more and no less than what you ask for, you realize there's a lot more to ask for. I asked for Equal Exchange Business taught me that.

I learned how to receive And I thought not asking and not receiving with me being humble. Do you believe that? I thought if I did a good job, they would just pay me without me having to ask for the money, but what business operates this way, you know, a casino is the only business on the planet where you give them money and they give you nothing in return. Not even hope. They're giving you a chance to maybe win more money.

But there is no business that gives nothing offers nothing that that will give you money. It's equal exchange. So learn how to ask for what you are giving in equal exchange. Mostly I struggle with the equal exchange because I was an overgiver. I gave with no boundaries to be liked or to feel good enough in the room.

And that just breeds resentment because that's straight people pleasing. It's not service and it's not equal exchange. I make time for me to grow now. Personally, financially, I make time for me to become more, to grow my business, to grow myself, to self develop, and this is a daily challenge to me right now still. Even though I've set all of these boundaries, I can still go back to being a people pleaser and stop myself, but prioritizing myself is one of the hardest and most powerfully rewarding things that you can learn how to do.

I learned how to say no. I learned to set loving, healthy boundaries, and I learned how to have difficult emotional conversations I learned how to speak up for myself, speak my tree, and know when to leave the room when love is no longer being served. All of these lessons As we unfold, what we want, who we are, what we're bringing into our life, and what we're becoming, we're going to learn how to power up each of these areas of our lives so that we can learn how to say no. Asking for more is a boundary. Speaking up for myself is a boundary.

But the greatest boundary that I have ever found is demonstrating how to love me by loving myself, demonstrating my self respect demonstrating my value, and this is how you get to that value when you know value because I think at first, we see validation as value. People value me, but they're really just validating you. How you embody value how you feel the value inside you is this. It's more important that I feel value that I feel my value and what I am giving than it is that you tell me I'm valuable for what I'm giving you. It's more important that I feel my value and what I am giving than it is that you tell me that I'm valuable and what I am giving you.

Because I am here to please me first. And in order to give true value, you have to feel the value in giving it not see the value reflected back and then receiving it. That secondary value that is I gave this and then you valued me No. You have to feel value doing it. Once you feel valuable doing it, That's the moment you're valuable to everybody else.

And number 6 is self truth. You will learn many self truths as you unfold in self value, but I want you to practice telling the truth to all people but mostly to yourself. What do you want? The truth? Who you really are?

The truth? What you feel. Speak your truth. What you need. Speak your truth.

How you need to be loved. How you need to process emotions. If you need connection or time out, I want you to stop lying to yourself. Stop lying to make others feel better about themselves, and stop lying to make yourself look better because even little white lies are lies, and you know it. But it's when we practice complete honesty that we speak and live our truth, and discover our true path in there.

So which of these six areas make you feel empowered right now and which of these 6 make you feel disempowered? Enjoy your homework. I want you to journal each each step. Just take time to explore your thoughts and your feelings. You know, if you prefer to speak it out, record yourself on video just riffing, and then watch yourself, but when you watch yourself, watch with love.

Listen to yourself. Listen to the energy and your words. Listen to the power of your words, what's your body language do you feel it? Download your homework and take your time. I don't want you to write answers that you think I want to hear.

I'm not your therapist. I want you to feel the answer that is right for you. I want you to feel it when it's your truth. You unfold it from inside you You have all the wisdom, you have all the connection, and you have all the intuition inside you. You are powerful indeed.

I want to know if you struggle to prioritize yourself. Are you people pleasing, or do you just not see yourself as a priority? How far disconnected are you living right now from what you really want, how trapped do you feel, and why can't you create this time for yourself? Or maybe you don't know yet what you want to prioritize for yourself in your day, and that's okay. That's what unfolding is all about.

That's the whole point I wanna know if you struggle to set boundaries. Let me teach you how. Who do you struggle to set boundaries with in your life just come to a witness. This video is all about coming to a witness of the identity that I have right now and how people treat me. You know, the essence of not setting boundaries is to be not liked or to not make waves to people, please, to not have needs.

Do you need money boundaries? Oh, maybe some people need to be told no around money. Do you need family boundaries? Do you need boundaries for your mental health, your emotional support? Where do you say yes when you wanna say no, come to a winners.

That's what this homework is all about. I want to know if you struggle to ask for more. Is this a humble pie thing like old programming from childhood? Or do you not think you're worthy of asking for more? Maybe it's false humility.

Oh, maybe you judge those to ask for more. Unfold that inside you. It's okay. Maybe you're simply just asking for the wrong thing focused on the things you don't want. I wanna know if you don't believe you're worthy of receiving.

Do you have this value metric inside you that is a good girl, bad girl, good boy, bad boy? Where you decide what the metric is because if you're asking from worthiness, then you receive with gratitude when you ask from your worthiness, that's when you receive with gratitude. But if you ask from an unworthiness or from it's bad to ask, then you're gonna get nothing. I want to know if you struggle to practice equal exchange, because if I cannot ask for the equal exchange of what I'm giving, then I don't value what I'm giving. It's that simple.

The reason I'm in business is I learned at the age of thirty when I started my business that my dad failed at his business when he was twenty four years old I never knew my dad had a business until I was thirty years old. My mom told me, and I said, what do you mean? He failed at business? He was twenty four years old. My mom said he couldn't ask for money.

Wait. He couldn't ask for money that was owed to him in equal exchange of what he was giving. He did the work, and now they were not paying, and he thought it was humble not to ask. So he didn't get paid. This knowledge changed the course of my life.

I left that day in the car. I drove home, and I just keep repeating this one phrase to myself, I was deeply uncomfortable. I've got goosebumps. My body was like, in a state of complete, just absolute shock as to what my mom had just told me, and I found myself on the drive home about 45 minutes repeating the same thing. I will be brave enough, and it sounded like a weak voice.

I will be brave enough. I will be brave enough to ask for equal exchange. I remember crying, like, shamefully. I will be brave enough. Like, it was this declaration.

I will be brave enough. To ask for equal exchange, I will honor what I'm with. And I started to say it, and it did change my life, because from that day on, I decided to stay in business. All I had to do was be brave enough to ask for equal exchange. And that I will honor what I'm worth by being more valuable and asking for more and giving more and becoming more.

I wanna know if you struggle to speak your truth. Do you realize how often you lie? I'm fine. How often don't you speak up? How often don't you speak your true?

How often don't you speak your true feelings? How often don't you speak what you want? Really? I want you to know all of this. Because these are incredible insights into what you allow for yourself and what you accept and what you don't ask for, what you're about to ask for, and what you believe you're worthy of having.

And if you need any more information on these areas, please post and tag me in the group and remember. Becoming aware of how you avoid yourself and speaking that truth to yourself, remember, we are the ones that are blocking our path and we are the ones that have to get out of our way. I want to remind you that you're here to create yourself. You are becoming more every single day. There is nothing you cannot overcome You are worthy of everything you ask for and the metric is not good and bad.

It's worthy and worthless, and you are only you are the only one. That can decide what you're worthy of. Sometimes a simple mantra is just so powerful. So I want you to repeat this on a daily basis and make it more of your own. I am becoming someone who prioritizes myself.

I am becoming someone who sets boundaries. I am becoming someone who asks for more. I am becoming someone who believes they are worthy of receiving. I am becoming someone who practices equal exchange in all that I do. I'm becoming someone who speaks their truth, I'm becoming someone who walks their true par, write as many more as you can.

Don't stop saying it. I am becoming someone who is in love with who I am, and I am in love with my day. Enjoy your homework.

==== End of Transcript: Coaching 01 - Self Perception ====
