==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 17 - The Wheel of Misfortune ====

I wanna talk to you about what I call cosmic ordering. It's the craziest thing. You know, how I say I don't believe in manifestation as much as action, taking action, saying I want something and then taking action towards it. And then watching as I empower that as everything comes into fruition to bring me exactly what I asked for. I have this also lesson that cosmic ordering will put you on the wrong track every time.

So the same thing when you hate your job, but you need to make money. You're telling the universe that you hate your job, but you're telling the universe you need to make money. So the universe is providing you with exactly what you ask for. You hate it, so it's only gonna give you a little bit. And need the money, so it's only gonna give you enough to get you by because that's what you're saying, seeing, being doing, So your energy is infused in everything you were saying out loud, and unfortunately, your cosmic order, you think it's not coming to you but the truth is is the universe is listening, and it is trying to provide you with what you want, but you're being unclear about what you want.

And when you're unclear about what you want, you're like, I don't want to shoot weddings anymore, but I need weddings to make money. So the universe goes, okay, have a wedding. And then you go, I don't want to shoot weddings anymore. So they take a couple away, and then like, but I need money. Okay.

So I'll give you one. And then you're like, I didn't understand what he needs anymore. So they go, this is getting confusing, but it's okay because you're in charge and we're just supplying demand. Okay. So cosmic ordering, let's talk about this for a minute.

When I was very overweight, I would say I hate myself. I hate myself. I hate my body. Hate myself. I hate myself.

I only ever went on a diet when I wanted to be loved. Because in my brain, I thought if I was thin, somebody would love me. So then I would say to the universe, I'm going on a diet and because I want to be loved and the diet and the universe here is I'm going on a diet, and I want to be loved. And because there is zero connection to those 2 things, I could never stay on the diet and that I wanna be loved would just turn into, I'm going to keep showing you that you can love yourself. So one day I'm walking across the street in New York about 4 years ago, and I stopped and I thought, I never said to the universe, I wanna be thin.

I used to say I wanna be loved, well, you don't need to lose weight to loved. So I was always so confused about what I was asking for and walking towards it and why it wasn't coming to fruition. So one day, I sat down and I thought I nearly got hit by cab, New York, and I realized that I must want to be overweight. Just like some of you must want to be struggling. You must want to be in debt.

You must want it. Why? Cause that's what you have. Must want this. You're doing it.

So you must want it. Why would you want that because it's trying to show you something and you're not listening. So whatever your problem is right now, I'm not loved enough, I'm in debt. I'm struggling to make ends meet. I am not getting clients that value me.

I'm not Everything you need is on the other side of the lesson that you are not listening to, and it's that simple cosmic ordering what are you asking for and then what are you getting? Cause you're getting exactly what you're asking for, so you must be asking for this. And there is something about the situation you want to change that you are not changing now. If you are not getting the work, or if you're not getting valued, the universe is showing you. You are not valuing yourself.

The second you change your value you're gonna get clients to step on in and value you. You're doing this. You must want this. That shitty relationship, those extra pounds, that debt, this worry, this resentment, you want this. What is it showing you?

What are you learning from it? What aren't you taking charge of? So all of a sudden, I was like, wow. Wow, I must want this. Now I was also, in debt for many years.

And again, the biggest lesson I learned around debt when you're in business is in order to get paid to be valued, I had to learn how to value myself and my product and service. Then I had to learn how to have the confidence to put myself out there. And only in 2010 when I was lying in bed crying out to the universe to say now the is come that I will step towards what I want only then did I start walking the path towards confidence? And when you see the photographs of me from back then, to the photographs of me now, you will pow it's palpable. The difference in my energy.

And I realized that what head back then, the debt, the fear, the resistance, everything. I wanted that. I wanted it and it was teaching me something and I wasn't learning from it. So when I say I'm gonna start walking the path towards what I want, I really mean I was gonna start confronting why I was getting in the way. So I spend a lot of time with my dear friend Tiffany Angeles who's here and she is my money guru.

This self value, my strength and weakness in my life has been valuing myself. I teach to businesses, to humans, to value themselves, whose is money. Tiffany can attract and save money like nothing I've ever seen before in my life. She is the opposite magnet to me. And when we met, we both had this fascination for money mine was how to get it, whose was how to save it.

But we talked about money a lot, and she taught me how to start keeping money. Because for the first time in my life, I had started valuing my service, my product, and myself, and I was getting money, but not keeping it. She was keeping it and I was not. So we sat down and we came up with this system called The Wheel of Miss Fortune. And these are the eight places you're leaking money right now, and you are doing this.

Nobody is doing this to you. Your money is in a disempowered state. If you were struggling with money, you are in a disempowered state around money. And it's one of these eight things that are disempowering you. So I'm gonna walk you through the self value correlation to this wheel, but if you wanna go to tiffanyangeles.com to with Tiffany just about money, or if you want to go in-depth into this wheel, Tiffany and I have created the money solutions workbook and videos so you can break down each one.

But I want to know how many people identify with this wheel right now. Now I know it's frightening, isn't it? It is frightening. I was every caliber green. And now I'm kinda green.

I didn't feel tight fisted about money until I got some. And now I'm starting to feel resentful about giving it away after being every other color of the rainbow. And I'm gonna talk you through it. I start with avoidance. You avoid what's in your bank account, you avoid who's managing your money, you avoid everything about it until it runs out, or you're in trouble, or you're in debt, and then you get hit with this serious amount of pain and Tiffany and I both agree you avoid because you don't want the pain of fronting up to what you're not doing.

Simple. When she looked at her bank account, my friend looked at her bank account, she berated herself for being stupid for being bad for spending too much money. She got sick. She slammed her computer down, went and bought a dress, avoided avoided coping mechanism, still avoiding. If somebody else is taking care of your money management, your spouse, your parents, if you are not financially independent, meaning you are not making, keeping, saving, and watching your own money, you're you're on some level avoiding it.

I was a massive avoider. I would pretend that I had lots of money. I would spend it like I was Daddy Warbucks and then all of a sudden it would run out. Now the problem with avoidance is it's, frightening because you know in the back of your mind that there's a problem and you refuse to look at it, and the only way to counter avoidance Tiffany taught me this is like to look at my bank account every day. For the last 3 years, I have looked at my bank account every day.

And I have quadrupled my savings and changed my life by doing that. I have turned my attention positively to making money instead of avoiding managing it. Avoiding comes up as the brightest part of our wheel because frankly just about everybody in this room has avoided their money issues at some stage. Is that a true statement? Now you can take charge of your money, but to order to do that, there's gonna be a pain attached to it.

It's gonna be shame. Or a feeling of hopelessness, it's going to be a feeling of not good enough, and an old programming is going to come up when look at it and it's gonna hurt you so you need to be prepared, but you need to say today, avoidance is no longer something I want because now I want to make money in order to make money, I need to pay attention to it. Here's the thing. Money goes to those who value it the most. If you avoid it, you don't value it, you're not gonna get it.

Sorry. Ouch. Money will stay with those who value it most. If you're not paying attention to it, it's gone. It's not yours.

Belongs to somebody who who appreciates it more than you. Now can you live a life with no money? Absolutely. Can your life be full with no money? Absolutely.

That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about balancing the pain of avoidance of not looking so that one day your partner dies and you have no concept of how to even take money out of an ATM machine. And you bleed and leak money like nobody's business because you've never had to manage it in your life. Do you know the most painful thing about this wheel? That there's people out there that owe you money and you're avoiding asking for them because you're avoiding the pain of asking people for money when they owe you money and yet you will go through the pain of denying your child of going without the pain of wondering, suffering, being fearful, feeling sick when you open a bill, but you won't go through the pain of asking someone for money.

Wake up. If you want money, you need to make it a priority. And I look at my money every day. I honor it. I love it, and it's growing.

For the first time in my life, I'm not poor anymore and I'm okay with it. Thanks to Tiffany and Mark. The orange part is guilt and shame. You have guilt and shame when you don't charge for your product because you don't think you're good enough to get paid. There's something about your programming could be Christian guilt, it could be spiritual guilt, because wealthy people are bad and spiritual people are good in give their money away and they push it away from them, well, I'll tell you something.

It has nothing to do with Christianity and nothing to do with spirituality and everything to do with guilt. You feel guilty about having money. Why? Who doesn't have money around you that makes you feel bad? Who would you not be able to face if you got lots of money and they struggled?

What tribe would deny you reject you if you got money and they did who would make you feel guilty? You only repel money because of guilt and shame. Not receiving. Not receiving is the red part of the wheel. I think that was the brightest color for me.

I could not receive money for the service that I was giving even though service I was giving was extraordinary. I didn't value it. I couldn't receive money for it. I could do anything. I can I can create something for you?

I could make a product for you, draw a picture for you. I could design something. I'd spend hours doing it and I'm the type of person that when you ask me to do something, I'm not just gonna spend a couple of hours on Saturday. I will work through the week I will not shower. I will pour my heart and soul into this piece.

And then when it comes time for you to come and see this brilliant piece that I have given my heart and soul to. All I'll have to do is look at you and say that'll be $1500, and my mouth would freeze up like this, and I would feel paralysis in my body, like, I can't say it. I can't say it. I wanna hey, did I'm with something? I wanna tell somebody that I'm with this and I can't.

So I just go, you can have it. You can have it because I could not put a price on it. I'm pushing the money away. Pushing, I'm saying don't come to me money. I don't value you and I don't want you.

Push it away. Tiffany woke me up to that. And then there's the overgiving. I've got dinner. I've got coffee.

I've got dinner. I'm paying for this. I'm paying for this. And before know it, the people around you start slipping into the she's got it. She's got it.

She's got it. Next month, you're overgiving to your children, to your family, to people you shouldn't be giving to. You're not balancing it. You've got no boundaries. You're not standing up for yourself.

You're not putting boundaries down, and before you know you're pushing money away, give it away, give it away, stand on the street, and give it away. Go on. You do not value yourself if you do any of those things. And then the no boundaries. The no boundaries is not just gonna show up in your money.

It's gonna show up in your life. It's gonna show up in your personal relationships. It's gonna sharpen your emotional honesty, your ability to speak, and then you're gonna go to overconsumption. You're gonna overspend and overspend overspended, your overconsumption's gonna go to food and alcohol. You're going to over consume in other areas because you feel out of control, and your overconsumption is screaming out for somebody else to take responsibility for your money for you because you are unable to.

And you are leaking, bleeding, bleeding, pushing away money. So interestingly enough, Tiffany and I spend our time teaching this wheel in-depth, the emotion around each leak, the fact that most people either identify with green or all the other colors And the truth is is at the end of the day, the overarching theme on the whole wheel is we avoid it all across the board. We avoid our overspending, we avoid our guilt, we ever because that's avoiding the pain. Right? We stay away from the pain?

But that resentment is something else. Because the second you don't have something, it's not your fault. It's the person who took the money. And if you're overgiving, you're giving the money away and then resenting who you're giving it to. You are not valuing yourself.

You're not keeping the money. And that's what Tiffany's taught me, and it has freed me. If you can confront this right now, write down what you are, go through the money videos each one, 1 by 1, identify the problem, why are you giving it away, why are you leaking it, why are you pushing it away from you, identify each one and talk yourself through it, put up boundaries, put a stop to it right now and start keeping that money for yourself. I'm telling you right now you are worth that. You are worth owning a beautiful home.

You're worth owning 5 beautiful homes. You're worth having children that have a comfortable life having a beautiful life. However, you want that. You are worth whatever level of money you feel comfortable with. And it's time that you allowed it to come into your life and not flow out.

Imagine that money is like a river, fast flowing river, and you've got a bucket. Okay, and what happens is you dip the bucket in and it gets overwhelmed pretty quickly, but there's a hole in your bucket and it's one of those. And you're dipping it in, but it's going straight out the back. So money is coming through you and you're pushing it away. Money is coming through you and you're pushing it away.

Now it turns out my parents ended up buying a house. My dad became they became more white collar in their later years. They got better jobs. They had a mortgage. They paid off little mortgage, and they had this little home, this little nest egg, and it was only small, like, maybe 280,000, their little three bedroom home.

And so they ended up owning their own patch of grass and and having that towards their retirement and all the rest of it. My parents learned how to keep a little bit of money and you know, make it theirs, which is wonderful because I'm now learning that. And yet my brother saves money, buys houses, saves money, buy houses, saves money, buys houses. My little brother can barely pay rent. And the responsibility I feel to my little brother gives me a serious amount of guilt and shame.

Because now I don't want to be too successful when he's struggling and I feel that on every level. So if what you're keeping is your emotional state, then you need to look at where you're leaking and stop it right now, right now. And will you lose friends and family? Will people be annoyed at you when you stop overgiving? Yes.

But you have to ask yourself a question and that's in the videos is why are you overgiving? You're getting something. And so that person's not gonna get what you're giving them anymore, neither are you? Not gonna get the feeling of lording over them of being better than them, of managing them, of being stronger, smarter, richer, wealthier, look at me, I can pay for everything. There's a bonus in there, and it's yours, and you need to face up to it.

So when I say it's in your career, it's in your business, it's in your money, it's also in your body. And so these are big confrontations to self value. And if I valued myself more, I would put up these boundaries.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 17 - The Wheel of Misfortune ====
