==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 09 - Body ====

Nicky Closser | Hi. Welcome to self value deep dives. I'm your host, Nicky Closser. And today, of course, I have with me Sue Bryce. How are you, Sue?

Sue Bryce | Hi. Hi, everyone.

Nicky Closser | Okay. So today's deep dive is body. And this is a really personal one. This is a really important one, and it just encompasses so much of self value.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. I think we are the most lost disconnected. I think body image is, and the way society views body image and everything about it is being the most disrupted right now. So I think this could be the most incredible this and money are the 2 segments. When when I talk about your body and when I talk about money, nobody in the room breathes or makes a noise.

Sue Bryce | It's the most still I ever feel the room from stage. It's almost like a vacuum. Because it's so intense. And I realized that these two things, Bonnie and Money are just such they're just directly tied to your self value. So we have to break probably that first.

Sue Bryce | So let's talk about that because that blows my mind.

Nicky Closser | So something you've set up on stage was self rejection and how so much of that is within our body and how we perceive our body and decide whether our body is good enough and how that all just encompassing when it comes to self value. Will you talk a little bit about that?

Sue Bryce | Much different than saying everything mirrored back? You're just seeing that mirrored back. Unfortunately, the evidence you have is that if you are putting hate your body. Like, I don't like my body. I don't like my weight.

Sue Bryce | I don't like my age. I don't like my nose. I don't like whatever it is. If you're doing that, then you're going to constantly see evidence that your body just doesn't measure up. It's like a self fulfilling prophecy.

Sue Bryce | And, unfortunately, with the body, you're seeing other people reject your body, but the truth is is all of that is happening in your car. So that means you're rejecting your body. So your choosing to feel not good enough. You're choosing comparison. You're choosing to compare your body and then judge it against somebody else but because you feel like the reaction is coming from the people, you start to think that you have this evidence that your body is not good enough, and then it's almost like you think it's being rejected by everybody else, but the truth is is the only person not accepting their body as you.

Sue Bryce | And that is really it. So it is pure self rejection at that point. If you compare your body, to someone else's and you say you think or say that it's not good enough in any way, you are the 1st and only person rejecting yourself. Everyone else is gonna do it because now you're just gonna attract more rejection and see more rejection in everything you do. So that means self acceptance of our bodies is the most important thing that we can do right now is just accept where we are right now and just be completely okay with it.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. And there's this idea. It seems that if people and I know you talk about this in the workshop, but let's I I just wanna get into it more because I think we've all experienced this. Like, if I look a certain way, then I'll be good enough. If I lose £10, then I'll be good enough.

Nicky Closser | If I, you know, have a smaller nose or less freckles or whatever, then I'll be good enough. It's just

Sue Bryce | Then I'll love myself. Then other people will love me, then I will feel loved. Then I will be valuable. If I look this way because in our society, people who look a certain way are valued. People who look good and have money are more valued in our society.

Sue Bryce | That's what we believe And the truth is is, like, you can't change your physical self in order to get a feeling. If you're changing your physical self in order to get a feeling, all you have to do is change the feeling about yourself and your physical self changes. It's the it's the complete opposite and it's just not how it works. But we get so trapped in it. And we also get trapped in this idea that if we loved, like if we look a certain way and we have this love, our lives will be pain free.

Sue Bryce | And will be wonderful. And clearly, that's what we all want. We wanna be free of pain. We wanna wake up every day and be loved and cherished and for some reason, we truly believe that our physical body is stopping that from happening.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Also, you've gotta play into a couple of different things here. Your behavior right, around your body, your connection to your body, your self care, your self soothing. When all of those are out of balance, again, feels like your body is attacking you. You feel that your body can't is out of control. Your behaviors are out of control because you just bought avoidance in And once you bring in avoidance behavior, especially if that avoidance behavior is physical, like, let's say your avoidance is overeating, or drinking alcohol, inevitably that it's gonna affect your body.

Sue Bryce | It's gonna affect your inflammation. It's gonna your weight. It's gonna affect how you feel about yourself. It's gonna make you feel bad. And when you feel bad in your body, you wake up.

Sue Bryce | You feel bad. You think bad thoughts. You see bad evidence. You're seeing evidence all around you. I'm not good enough.

Sue Bryce | People reject me. Everybody reject me, you're hating this beautiful body that you've been given. And the one thing I keep saying on stage was your body is not betraying you. It's not out of control and it's not attacking you. It is your most loyal follower.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And when you strip away, you know, avoidance behaviors when you really look at what am I doing? I'm overeating to stuff down a confrontation or emotional feeling, you know, that's cool. That's a behavior, but we get so caught up in that behavior good girl, bad girl, good boy, bad boy. And then you're a good bad person judged by what you did that day. And then you look at your body and you go, your body is disgusting because you are out of control.

Sue Bryce | You can see people just get into these cycles with their bodies that are so disconnected from what is real And none of that, when you really break down your car, my thoughts and my emotions, none of that really belongs in your car to get stuck in that ego in that comparison. And that truly is when you take away your ego, I always say you don't hate your body. Until you compare it to somebody else's. You don't think your body is not good enough until you look out and see somebody with more love, more attention, more validation, or more of what you want, and then you think it's because of your body. So I think I love all of the body image experts that are just hitting Instagram.

Sue Bryce | Now they're just truly changing the way We look, think, and talk about our bodies. And I love being friends with Terry Hoffman because she's solely just works on body image and pulling back the layers of body image. Her book is fantastic. If you really can't accept your body, go to Terry and deep dive that even further because you have to get to a place where your body is worth caring for before you can even salvage whatever that is. And the connection to your body is probably the most important part.

Nicky Closser | There was something that you said that just hit me like a ton of And I know a lot of people in the audience felt the same that if you set this ideal for yourself in an order to reach that ideal, you have to change, but then you can't achieve that ideal or maintain that ideal joyfully. It's just this constant battle and suffering.

Sue Bryce | That's good suffering, isn't it? Suffering is when we're just constantly resisting and fighting what we we want versus how we're living and what we're really doing with our body because the truth is is if you hold to this ideal, like, let's and weight loss is probably the one thing that people are like, people never say I'm going to change my eating habits. They say I'm gonna lose a £100 and run a marathon. I used to say that I'm gonna lose a £100 and run a marathon because in my mind, I had to say something that big to sort of make the weight I was carrying. Okay.

Sue Bryce | Like, even the fact that I would say that I could transform myself like that lose a £100 and run a marathon was almost like, I could do that, and I can do that. It was almost like I had to say it to make it okay. And I I said there were just so many narratives about my body that were just had to go. Yeah. And just the way we talk about ourselves, the way we talk about our our weight, the way we talk about it's really talking about self care.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And how we look after ourself, So we get more upset, I think, with our behavior towards ourselves than we do with what our physical body actually looks like.

Nicky Closser | That's such a good point. And I know I mean, I've for the last 10 years, I've watched you on a journey of just falling in love with your body. And and seeing you, you're you're just like an example of falling in love with your body. But, like, what is the difference between saying I just love my body and actually

Sue Bryce | Love my body. Yeah. You can't say it. Right? Because an a positive affirmation does not kick you out of a loop or a suffering loop.

Sue Bryce | It just is it's just words at that point. The whole point is you've gotta feel really good in your body, you've gotta feel really good about your body, and you've gotta start really, really caring from it. I am not the perfect example of falling in love with your body. I am the perfect example of living disconnected from your body.

Nicky Closser | So during

Sue Bryce | my mid twenties, yeah, I went through something that, doubled my body weight in 1 year. And I was really impacted with what that felt like to go from you know, the starting way to completely hiding myself and being in a place where I didn't want to connect with my body. Then what I did was, in about within a year and a half, my gallbladder collapsed. So that was right in 30 when I was just really hiding my trauma with food and working out that I was doing that. And then once I broke that trauma side, well, that £110 didn't just come off.

Sue Bryce | It just stayed on my body. And then what it did was I I just learned I had to learn how to accept it, and I couldn't. I just couldn't accept this weight on my body, and I really battled with that. So it wasn't until I really learned that I I was cutting myself. I was living for the neck up.

Sue Bryce | I think of those 10 years of hiding my body and really ignoring myself care I built this incredible international business. So I was really functional. I just had shut down this entire area of my life. I wore only black and I wore black.

Nicky Closser | Remember?

Sue Bryce | Yeah. I wore black 7 days a week, and I pretty much wore black every day because I just didn't want to address my body. I didn't wanna look it. I didn't wanna think about it. I didn't wanna bring attention to it.

Sue Bryce | I would do beautiful hair and makeup, and then I would just wear black because I was like, if I just lived from here to here, then nobody had to I I didn't have to deal with this. And the truth is is when you get down to it, your body is magnificent It's beautiful. It's so strong. It's powerful. It is the most glorious machine on the planet that you're ever given, and I want people to kind of go past the place where they're just hating their body and get to like a place where they can actually worship this vessel because now I'm 52 this year.

Sue Bryce | I my inflammation is high. I have to be careful with sodium. I want to have strong hips and knees so I don't have placement surgery. I'm watching this older generation, and they believe in surgery. They believe everything is fixable surgery.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, food and medicine, food and and exercises medicine, but you gotta find the way through to self care where you're getting to a place where you can really start curing for yourself and you've got to take away whatever it is, the story around your body. And I call it this is called what I call body biography, especially women have this more than men. It's like you can recall every age of your life when you put on weight, when you didn't, how big you were, how slim

Nicky Closser | it was.

Sue Bryce | Yes. And it's almost like we track it like this biography. And when people talk about their bodies, they bring up the thing. They'll go like, oh, they put on £9 and you're like, when? Because you can put on £9 in a month, you know, and take it out.

Sue Bryce | Like, it's just naturally, but we have this biography that we lock in we keep this sort of record of when we weighed what and what we look like and when we felt good and when we didn't feel good, And then you often hear people say, I look back at photos of myself, and I I'm I look so incredible, but I didn't feel that way about myself. And you're like, no, you didn't. Because all you remember is how you felt. Not how you really looked, but how you felt, and how you felt about yourself and how you feel about your physical self. So this body that we have, it follows And I believe your body is a physical representation of your digital self.

Sue Bryce | Right? Now you're in the matrix. Because whatever is in your mind and your body is really being projected out there in your physical self. And that physical moment you are an embodiment of what you believe you are inside, and we put way too much emphasis walking into a room at being physically looked at.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm. It's so true. We all do it.

Sue Bryce | We also the biography. And, also, when you're friends with Terry, So even when you're in a good body place, I think you have great body image. I really do, Nikki. You're one of my friends that has really good body image, and I love that about you. But even if you and I would talk about our bodies, just privately as friends, I might say to you, I I feel so fat.

Sue Bryce | I might say that to you. Right? I feel so fat, and you'd be like, oh, gosh. I'm I'm the same. I'm just like, I'm just like, you know, we'll say it to each other.

Sue Bryce | And then now in my head, I would never say that to you right now because firstly, you have to just ask yourself, what does feeling fat mean? Cause for most people, most people, it's just I feel bad about myself or I haven't been eating very well or I just feel like crap inside, and we use the word fat specifically. And once you take that word away and you just say, I feel really you know, then what are you feeling? And when you say I feel, you can say my physical body is, like, clearly needs self care. You can take away all those hate words now when people actually say things like, I feel disgusting or I feel fat.

Sue Bryce | I just look at them and I go, And I just I'm I can hear it now and see it in people's language. And when you're friends with Terry, Terry will constantly it it amazes me how many people will walk up to us and say something about the body in front of Terry. And I just look at Terry, like, what are you gonna say? Because that's a specialty. Right?

Sue Bryce | It's a special need to watch body image, and I'm just like, oh.

Nicky Closser | I love what you just said about. It's not about feeling fat or, you know, bloated or you know, whatever it is that I'm feeling like I'm getting jowls in my forties, whatever. It's exactly what you just said about I'm feeling like my body needs some self care. Like, I'm not in alignment with my body right now. And anyone can feel this way.

Nicky Closser | Like, every single person can, regardless of their body, shape, or their Yeah. Type or, you know, whatever.

Sue Bryce | And the slimmer you are, the less you're allowed to publicly feel that.

Nicky Closser | You're exactly right.

Sue Bryce | Right. Exactly.

Nicky Closser | I've been called skinny bitch. You're such a skinny bitch, and I'm like

Sue Bryce | That's not a compliment. Right?

Nicky Closser | I don't know how to

Sue Bryce | think it's a compliment.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. I don't know. I'm like, I don't even know how to re respond to that.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Am I with that? Right? I say not a compliment. People say that to me now.

Sue Bryce | I go, oh, not a compliment.

Nicky Closser | I know. And and Sue, I'm not trying to sit here and say that I know what it's like to be in some serious body pain and to use food as avoidance. You know me. I use other things as my avoidance. Like, I have my other advices and things.

Sue Bryce | That. Let's address that. So let's say you're struggling with two glasses of wine every night. Just say. Or let's say you're struggling with spending on your credit card because you get a little high from it.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. But you'll see them. So many things people struggle with.

Sue Bryce | Right? And then I look at you and I go, well, you don't know about body image? You don't know what it's like to you don't know what it's like to, you know, sit in the pantry and eat a packet of tim tams and a large pizza and hate myself and prior, but you don't know what that feels like. And it's like, cool. I don't know what it feels like to not be able to walk through a casino without breaking into a cold sweat.

Sue Bryce | Because, you know, don't make me go into a cold sweat. I don't get into a cold sweat around wine. I don't get into a cold sweat when I get my credit card. So, yeah, food might

Nicky Closser | be high smoking or drugs. I mean, there's so many things. So you might gossip. Quarterly. And you sat on stage, and I loved this.

Nicky Closser | You said, just like we don't know what is happening in people's bank account or within the Four walls of their home, we don't know what's happening in someone's body either. Nope. Nope. Unless they tell us.

Sue Bryce | I think that cause that causes a a rip and because, you know, obviously, I've been at a place where I've doubled my body weight, and I've been around people. I've been, you know, in my adult life, I've spend most of my adult life, curvier than I am now. And I was like, I I now can look back. And actually appreciate it. Like, I can appreciate my body at all sizes.

Sue Bryce | I really had to learn how to Be okay with seeing myself. And also, here's the thing, especially as a photographer, you can get into a trap that is still photographed and especially a retouch still photograph where you can slim yourself down, you can remove the shadow under your eyes. You can remove a double chin or something like that. You're in I call that suspended motion that not you that is just a still photo of you that has been made to look very, very pretty. And it's not who you are.

Sue Bryce | Like, that's still photo of you. It's a nice representation of you, and I'm sure in good light, you do look somewhat like that. Yeah. But the truth is is whenever I would see a bad photograph of myself, I started to say, well, this is what I look like in bad life. And then I would say, this is what I look like in good light, but I had to stop pulling down the bad photographs because I was like, if I can't just acknowledge myself, like, with a horsey smile or,

Nicky Closser | or,

Sue Bryce | you know, something that I don't like. If I if I can't, yeah, if I take that away. I'm saying like this. And that's how I look. I'm okay with that.

Sue Bryce | So, yes, there is a lot of bias. Yes. There is a lot of thing. And you're right. It might not be your avoidance, but it's a lot of people's avoidance.

Sue Bryce | And just because your avoidance is different, It doesn't matter. All avoidance goes to addiction. Food is a very big, easy addiction because it's a very of all the gambling, drinking, smoking, sex, of all the addictions, it is by far the most socially acceptable. So it's going to be the one that people use the most also.

Nicky Closser | And you have to eat. Yes. And

Sue Bryce | it's don't have to

Nicky Closser | do drugs. You don't have to smoke. You don't have to drink wine. You have to eat.

Sue Bryce | And you can avoid those things that you can avoid food. And also it directly pushes down the voice, right? Whatever the voice is coming forward, That eating is stuffing the voice down. So it's stopping you from speaking up for yourself from saying no from sitting boundaries and being like about us in that area because it's just gonna stop you because it's the one place you're going to muffle yourself. So acknowledge in your avoidance behaviors, whatever you choose as your drug of choice, I'll say, whatever you choose as your drug choice, just acknowledge that's avoidance.

Sue Bryce | Don't acknowledge what the problem is or the addiction or anything. Just acknowledge when I go to this. It's like you can say, I go to this. I say, I go to food. It's just my thing.

Sue Bryce | And so now I have to I learned when I want to go to food. I go to food for joy not to staff down emotions.

Nicky Closser | Something you said is that you used to feel Like, you were unfillable, like, always starving. But was it really for the food, or were you starving for something else? Like, what talk about that concept.

Sue Bryce | It's a metaphor. Right? It's so it's so incredible. I was unfillable. It was like I had a black hole, and I even described it as a black hole.

Sue Bryce | I would say I was unfillable. I I would eat eight meals a day. I couldn't stop eating, and also I was craving love, craving attention, craving, specifically craving. I was craving food, but I was craving love. I was craving fulfillment.

Sue Bryce | I was very much trying to protect myself with this weight. So I felt very androgynous. I felt powerful. I was also in my black belt year. So I was, strong.

Sue Bryce | I was, you know, I could break a cinder block with my forehead and I've been on strike. So I was being masculine. I needed to take up more space. I wanted I wanted to set a boundary that nobody would hurt me or be able to mess with me, and it was physically represented in my body. It was showing my body was bigger, stronger, safe, androgynous, masculine, powerful.

Sue Bryce | I shaved my head. Like, I went to all those degrees to physically represent something, but the unfillable part, the craving, and the it was just unfulfilled. I was just unfulfilled. I was trying to get fulfillment. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Everything I was doing it, and I was seeking fulfillment, and I was filling myself temporarily. So It that really came down to as soon as I started to emotionally express myself. Better and set boundaries?

Nicky Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | Change my voice. Yeah. Right? Change my voice, which changed in turn might need to be fulfilled. However, I believe the secret to breaking your avoidance is I wanted something more.

Sue Bryce | You've gotta want something more than the than the behavior you've set as stress relief.

Nicky Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | And I wanted this business, like, I was burning to have this business. So when I started to build the business, I just ignored my body and I almost put it on hold. It was almost like I know I'm eating pastor at midnight in order to day awake in order to work till 2 AM to get up at 6 AM to do this again. Cause in my head, I had to work ten times harder than everybody else to be successful. Not true.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. So I knew I was doing it at the end, but I actually put it on cruise control. And I said, I can't worry about my body right now because I'm learning about money and self confidence.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And inevitably, I learn about money, self confidence, being a boss, I I break through money, and then I'm suddenly on this trajectory where I'm online and in front of people and going to networking and are saying get up on stage. And I'm like, but wait, I've had my body in cruise control for 8 years. Like, I'm wearing black up to here, pretending I don't have a body. And I suddenly went, oh, oh my gosh. And I do tell people this.

Sue Bryce | Like, I I know I've told you this a million times, but I actually spent a year in 2012 13 working with Nikki. And we every day, we would, we would come to work, and there were 3 of us, and we 3 of us girls, and the 2 women Working with me this year, both Katie and Nikki both have really great body image. And also you're both very rounded, normal, healthy it is. So you have a very consistent eating, which anybody with, you know, a a regular body has gotten to called intuitive eating. Once you've become a diet mentality, once you go into dieting, you it's very hard to ever get back to being an intuitive eater.

Sue Bryce | You've just constantly somebody that is measuring food, and it's just something you get trapped in for most of your life until you throw that away. But In watching YouTube, I decided that that YouTube had really good body image. You had very consistent eating. So I was like, I'm going to eat whatever they eat. And if they eat, like, order a salad or a burger or a soup, I'll just order what they eat.

Sue Bryce | And I I just watched how you talked about your bodies, and I watched how you looked after your bodies, and I did exactly the same thing. And just at the end of that year, I remembered being, like, in a completely different place with my body, just loving myself and nurturing myself, and that the buddy love took me years, but also you saw on stage in avoidance how far I went. Like, I you don't have to go that far. I'd I went to a very bad place with my body, but the good this is now I can help people teach people about that because, I mean, that was an incredible experience. I do not regret a single thing that my body went through.

Sue Bryce | I did not regret a single moment of the weight I carried and why. It is part of life. It is part of all of our lives in some way. At some point in your life, you're going to dislike your body. Whether it's weight or illness or age or, you know, whatever it is, you're going to struggle with that, but you've got to learn that this body is whatever you are telling it to be.

Sue Bryce | So you've got to love it and look after it.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. This this body segment that you did on stage, it really like, as you know, it's, you know, I don't necessarily struggle with my weight. I struggle with taking care of my heart of making sure I'm, you know, doing cardio and all these things. And And I remember you kind of, like, gave me permission that I don't need to go to the gym.

Sue Bryce | I don't.

Nicky Closser | You know, I just need to do something in a way, you know, that makes me feel good. And it for me right now, it's my heart. You know, I'm forty five years old. I have a four and six year old children. I I want to live until I'm a hundred and five years old.

Nicky Closser | So because of my life experiences that I wanna have and give with my give to my children. So I need to take care of this and love this. And maybe mine isn't about weight, but it's about other things. It's about you know, my organs and just my brain, you know, there's so much that goes into your body.

Sue Bryce | So we just have to check on one thing because every time we talk about bodies, we gotta keep coming back to this diet mentality to this brainwashing we have. So looking after ourselves and living long is not a lot of people are like, because you gotta be lean, and that's also not true. We know now

Nicky Closser | that we

Sue Bryce | can carry extra and be very, very healthy.

Nicky Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | So it's not so much about a weight metric.

Nicky Closser | Yep.

Sue Bryce | I mean, obviously, you know, we want you to be healthy sure, but, like, it's not about a weight metric anymore. It is about a heart metric. So to me, inflammation, I think changing my diet to an anti inflammatory diet. Okay? Takes away my physical pain.

Sue Bryce | I'm in menopause it's tough. I'm having a very hard time. I've lost over 70% of my hair. You know, you've seen me on stage for 10 years with these long flowing locks, and it's gone. I am definitely in a place now, where everything I'm doing in terms of sleeping and eating and exercising is about longevity, not about weight loss.

Sue Bryce | You know, all the years of eating fat free diets, and then we get all these degenerative brain diseases. And strong as the new skinny. And the older I get, it's inflammation. It's I'm watching this generation above me, literally suffer with inflammation, and that can just be changed with diet. So there is so much good things we can do to our body but we've gotta first break up with this idea that we have to make our bodies look different in order to get loved or love ourselves so how do you accept your body exactly as it is?

Sue Bryce | You're the one in charge of it. So you just have to accept your behavior. I believe that this is the secret. You know, when I said you've gotta love something more, when I decided to build my business. And when I wanted that so much, like, I wanted this so much, I was prepared to do anything to get it Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | It occurred to me that as that started to build and come to fruition, my trauma and my body image and my body pain was not on that path anymore because I didn't focus on it anymore. It was still there. I can still dig it up for you. Like, it's literally in the backyard. I don't even think anybody's covered it.

Sue Bryce | It's right there. I can show you. It's like, hey, I've got some trauma. Do you wanna come and have a look? Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Like, I literally feel that way now. It used to live in the house with me and be like, trauma. I was covering my house and and everything was trauma based, but now it's something I went through back then. It's literally in the backyard. I focus on building something I really wanted, and and I did that.

Sue Bryce | And I found this value in my mastery, and then I found value in earning money, and then I found value in each occasion than I found value on the stage. And the most powerful part about that is whilst I was running towards what I really, really wanted over here I didn't even realize that I just stopped not loving myself because I just didn't focus on it anymore. So when you have trauma or when you have something or when you have avoidance or when you have fear or when you have something you can't break through, And that thing becomes a part of your life, a part of your loop, a part of keeping you out of alignment, a part of who you are, it becomes this big thing. It becomes a body story, and it becomes like a a path forward, and it becomes a sub persona, and it becomes, eating whatever it is, it becomes an avoidance behavior in becomes all these things. And all it ever was in the beginning was a little bit of fear.

Sue Bryce | But when you truly are building some thing for you and there's fulfillment and alignment and you're in alignment with what you want and you're growing your money and you're growing yourself and your dreams, you can't hate your body. It's literally it's just following you. You can't hate it. You start to love it with this intensity because now I just realized, I mean, other days where I look at my body and I think, oh, I'm flabby or, oh, I could get that cut off, Roy. And I I hear myself say it, and I go I just look at myself and I go, really, really, you're gonna Speak like that to your body.

Sue Bryce | And then I laugh now, and I just move on. And I'm loving my body more and more and more every day because I love my life more and more. Every day, and people who love their lives don't hate their bodies.

Nicky Closser | Well, and you said that you at at the workshop, you said, like, if you feel like you need to change your body an order to be loved or to be successful, you never will be.

Sue Bryce | No. You never will be. And you'll always be not good enough. So I specifically say it like this. If you want your body to look a certain way because you want your body to look a certain way, then it will look a certain way.

Sue Bryce | It's that simple. If you really want that, you'll wake up every day. And let's say, I'll give you an example. Let's say you wanna look like a bitty page. You wanna dye your hair black, get a short little cute bitty page haircut, You wanna get an gorgeous little tattoo and wear little fifties dresses every day, and that's your look and your style.

Sue Bryce | And you've got curves and you love it and This is who you are and you wake up every day, and that look is you. That's your look. You develop it. That's your that's when you look that way. But wanting to look a certain way and not being able to get there, wanting to look a certain way that you're not wanting to look a certain way is not the same thing because wanting to look a certain way is I believe if I look this way, I will get the fulfillment that I want, the love, that I want, the acceptance, that I want, the validation that I want.

Sue Bryce | And the reason that you're not gonna get it is because you can't look a certain way to get something. You have to get something. It's gotta be what you want. It's gotta be the feeling. It's not the thing.

Sue Bryce | And yet we tie it to our physical self. No different than we tie our self value to money.

Nicky Closser | Exactly. Oh, exactly. Honey and body. Like you said, money and body.

Sue Bryce | Yep. The 2 things people fake the most. And the 2 things people believe would change their lives the most. Here's an exercise for you. If you closed your eyes and visualized yourself as the perfect body for you right now, like the perfect body for you right now, see it.

Sue Bryce | Whether you're in a bikini or you're in yoga pants, just see yourself in this perfect body. It doesn't matter what it is. It's your perfect body. And then ask yourself how far away is that from the body I have today.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Right? From the body I have today. And you can pick an image that is away from who you are right now. That's just saying I'm unacceptable. So I will just pretend that my body is perfect and most people find out that they live in a fantasy where their body is perfect and then their lives are perfect.

Sue Bryce | Their bodies are perfect, and then they have this perfect amount of love. And it's not true. And it it's superficial. It's so superficial. So how you feel in your body How you feel moving your body is the most important thing because feeling good in your body is everything.

Sue Bryce | So how do you treat your body? And how do you treat your body? And tell me if you're treating your body badly, and then you're speaking about it badly, then you are 100% the person doing this to yourself. So yeah, we have to first get to a place where we accept how we look right now. There's just no point wishing you were different that's just straight out rejection in comparison, be okay with how you are right now.

Sue Bryce | And also have confidence because as much as I say, I believe if you wanna look a certain way, you will look a certain way. A lot of people want to look a certain way, but a little scared to follow that

Nicky Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Bleach the hair or shave their head or get that tattoo or where they style, like being truly you is having the confidence to own your body, love your body, dress your body in the way you want to physically, how you physically want to represent yourself, and then use this body in every way you can to live the richest fullest most amazing life that you possibly can with this vessel.

Nicky Closser | I love this. You know, I, like, I love when people post photos of their bodies, and they feel good about their bodies. And it's just it's just amazing. And You know, there are times, like, if I post a photo of my body, like, I recently went on a tropical vacation with my family, and I play fishing on the beach with my kids and I'm in a bikini and I kind of felt like, should I not post a picture of my body? Like, I felt like guilty or shameful about, I mean, I feel like wherever we are, like and and I know Terry Hoffer talks a lot about this.

Nicky Closser | Like, show your body. Be proud of your body, and that's okay. Regardless of you know, how do you get to that point? Regardless of

Sue Bryce | how the fruit Well, the milk is. Is you the people who are putting their body online are people like Terry who are, like, confronting people going, no. This is real body image. Like, this is a real body. Okay.

Sue Bryce | And then people that look like you're in a bikini that are like, look great in a bikini and there you are playing with your kids on the beach looking gorgeous. Everyone should post a picture of themselves in a bikini and feel okay. A woman with curves or cellulite or body hair should not feel bad, and a woman with a great body in McKinney should not feel bad. The reason you feel bad is because society is like, well, you can post because you've got a good buddy, but nobody else can. And I was like, no.

Sue Bryce | That's fair to any change. It's changing. But still, I posted Terry's shirt from TPM, which is so incredible to be able to photograph a body image expert on stage in front of five hundred people that is slowly taking her clothes off to being naked, to being vulnerable, talking about a lifetime of body image. And the first comment was a guy going, well, everybody knows she'd be healthier if she lost weight. And I was like, no, dude.

Sue Bryce | That actually not true. Number 1, number 2, this post is about body image, not about weight loss. So, you know, like, delete, but It's just what happens. We're still stuck in this stupid, you know, diet culture. We're still stuck in this.

Sue Bryce | Who should post a picture of themselves? Online and who shouldn't? Well, no, everybody should. And I shouldn't not post a picture of myself in a swimsuit, because I've got cellulite or wrinkles or Exactly. Lebings skin.

Sue Bryce | Like, I should just be completely myself and do that but what's stopping me is the same thing that makes you feel bad about posting it. It's still a thing. I would for you to never stop posting a picture of yourself in a swimsuit with your children ever. That is just something you should absolutely 100% you know, I think about my mom's body image. I said this on stage.

Sue Bryce | Where does your incredible body image come from? I know. And everybody without good body enrichment like this, because we all know the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Mhmm. I remember hells this.

Sue Bryce | I remember thinking my mom was very beautiful. She's a beautiful woman, and I remember thinking my mom was so beautiful. My auntie, very beautiful also. And my auntie does not look like my mom. My my auntie is my dad's sister, so I look more like my auntie, actually, than my mom.

Sue Bryce | So, my auntie was in her forties and fifties always in a bikini. Same with my mom. Was not. So I was, like, looking at my auntie. I remember thinking, my auntie had so much body confidence, and she was so different than my mom And my mom was, like, beautiful and and she had everything my auntie had, but there was no bikini.

Sue Bryce | There was no walking around the house in her bikini. And I remember being a kid and thinking, I wanna have her body image not her body image.

Nicky Closser | Uh-huh.

Sue Bryce | And guess which one I got? Because they don't do as you say. They do as you do.

Nicky Closser | Just when I thought we've already spoken about every single thing we possibly could over the last 10 years, we've never I got my positive body image from my mother.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Of course, she did. She was That's what I'm saying. You got it from somewhere.

Nicky Closser | Ding ding ding. You know, I've

Sue Bryce | Yeah. I and when I said that on stage, I watched that day, I said, think about it. Where does your money programming come from? Where does your incredible body image come from? Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | The people in the room with bad money programming from their parents and bad body programming literally went like this.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. Well, the money 1, I was like,

Sue Bryce | you know. Well, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, and that's what I'd say. So very important, but I believe that once we stop judging all bodies, then you should never feel bad about putting a picture out there and somebody with my body or anybody's body should not feel bad about it. And, yeah, you're gonna get comments because it's still happening online, and I just Like, when that comment come up from terriers, like, of all people that you could troll a body image expert, I, like, really do, like, listen to what she's saying this conversation is way more important.

Nicky Closser | Yeah. And someone in and like you said, it's not true. Someone who's extremely thin could be a super heavy smoker who has you know, lung cancer or any, you know, so many health issues. Like, that doesn't yeah. No.

Sue Bryce | It does not matter. Also, you know, interesting for inflammation. I'm working through my inflammation right now. I went and did the the food test, right, for all the allergens because it brings you

Nicky Closser | the inflammation to you. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | The the 13 of my favorite vegetables are on my top 30 elagen list vegetables. You think of all the terrible things that I could not be eating in these 13 vegetables are on my nose. Cilantro, severe, allergy to cilantro, and I eat it almost every day. Mexican. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Oh. I know Thai, Mexican. I was like, I put it in my salads. I just love it. So, you know, what your body can be ill, like, what your body can respond to, what your body can build technologies against is not necessarily the foods we think they are.

Sue Bryce | So you have to really come to a place of body love and strip away diet culture and all the bullshit programming.

Nicky Closser | One more thing about, you know, where we get our pot our body image you know, how we feel about our body from and all that. I just wanna share one experience. You know, I was a wedding photographer for a long time, and one of my brides, she was just stunning in her wedding dress. She looked gorgeous, and she stood in the mirror. I'm getting ready to take a photo of herself looking in the mirror, and she said, I wish I woulda lost 10 more pounds.

Nicky Closser | I feel like I look fat. And I'm like, I was just stunned that she had said that. Anyway, fast forward, her mother was in a completely different room. She had this huge hotel suite with different rooms. Her mother was in the other room, did not hear the bride say this.

Nicky Closser | So then I'm going to take pictures of the mother. Same thing, Sue. I wish I had lost £10. I feel fat, and I'm like, There we go. It's exactly where this bride got it from.

Nicky Closser | So we have to be so careful whether we're speaking to our sons or our daughters, how we are speaking about our bodies. They're listening. They're watching. They feel it.

Sue Bryce | Best Prince growing up is one of the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and she had one of the worst body image, just body image, just totally everything was about her body image. Yeah. When she had a daughter, I was photographing them, and her daughter must have been 5 at the time. And I went take a photo of her, and she went like this. The five year old went Did that?

Sue Bryce | Like, let's switch moving and trembling. And I said, what are you doing, buddy? And she goes, I don't know what to do with my mouth. And I said, smile. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So then I, she comes out and I go to take a portrait of them, and she goes, I don't know what to do with my mouth. She could not relax her face in that. And I was like, your five year old just did that. Couldn't smile. Your five year old can't smile because it believes that its smile is wrong or bad.

Sue Bryce | Or and I was just like, This is one of my best friends. I just watched her program this into her child. Her child now thinks it can't smile for the camera for some bizarre reason that its smile is broken or wrong. And I was just like, ah, I was just like, it's too quick. It's too transferable.

Sue Bryce | It's it's osmosis. It's it's too easy. Like, be careful. Don't let self hate come for your children. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Protect the castle. You protect the castle by loving yourself. The greatest thing you can do is teach your children how to love and care for their body and how to love

Nicky Closser | that so much.

Sue Bryce | Other people's bodies. You know, Terry talks about this too. It's very common for small children to point out body size. Mhmm. And she would sit with her nieces and nephews and watch say Disney.

Sue Bryce | And she would watch I mean, she was watching the little Mermaid, I think it was. And the woman, the the evil one, and the bad one, and the in the movie, she's big. Right? She's big. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And Carrie would stop the movie and ask the kids what does this mean? What does this mean that she's big and tough does this mean that she's, what does she look like? And one of the kids said she's fat. And she was like, what does that mean? Like, she was asking the children, what they were deeming from these movies, like what they were getting, and they're getting straight out body image from it.

Sue Bryce | So it was kind of like telling her that this is you have to challenge it in your children because a child might point out mommy that woman is fat. And then you're going to say, oh, that's not nice to say.

Nicky Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Right? And then they believe that's a bad thing to say.

Nicky Closser | Bad thing. Right.

Sue Bryce | It's bad thing to be fat.

Nicky Closser | And it's

Sue Bryce | a bad shameful thing to say it and to be it. And we say it. And and then we go and do the worst thing we talk about our bodies with shame to in front of our children. And so how can you give your child good body image if you're constantly in that place? And, you know, If you stop judging the physical aspect of your body and you stop comparing it to what you want or a fear of rejection, your body is magnificent.

Sue Bryce | Truly is magnificent. It's so magnificent, and it will follow you and do whatever you want it to do. So start to love it and start as soon as you can.

Nicky Closser | Awesome. Alright. We will be back for our next deep dye, which is Yeah.

Sue Bryce | We're gonna talk about body a lot too. And and also my, I feel like body comes up in lots of different ways because the one thing I have not talked more, and I feel like this is gonna be a really big q and a for people is the way we trap illness into our body. So when I said that body is sort of, you know, is the physical representation of your digital self. Well, we get so trapped in illness in our body and disconnected from our body. And one of the things that I can see, and I really would love people to understand this more is if they understood the connection to the body for meditation breath, you can connect your body by breathing properly.

Sue Bryce | And I love teaching people how to breathe properly. I love teaching them how to breathe and open all the energy centers in their body. Because your breath and the connection to your physical body is so powerful when you learn how to breathe. That's why meditation and yoga is so connecting, and it can bring you back to life and back to health. And I know that chronic illness is really, really hard to work through because a lot of people suffer pain, chronic pain, but the truth is is when you start to actively chase healing, then you can truly get out of chronic pain and chronic painful thoughts.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 09 - Body ====
