==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 05 - Validation ====

Now here's the thing about most of us. We have what I call the validation diet. We've all been on a diet, right, like a physical diet. And what I love about the diet is when everybody's supporting you, you lose more weight. That's why we have groups that's why we have, you know, support groups.

That's why we put it on Facebook. I declare that I'm gonna lose £40 over the next 4, and you don't do it. And nobody's writing on Facebook, hey, what happened to that £40? Cause somewhere you lost your support system, and then you just fell off because you weren't doing that for you. You weren't doing that because it's what you wanted or something you changed.

So I call it the validation diet because it cracks me up. You're always looking for validation for somebody else to change you And if you're supporting me, I can change. If you support me through my diet, I can lose weight. It's my diet, it's my mouth, it's my body, it's my brain, and yet somehow if you support me, I'll be able to achieve this. Because you will validate me.

You will validate me as being able to stay on it. You'll be able to validate me as being able to achieve it. You will validate me as being good enough. You will validate me as being is for, and you will somehow make it possible for me to achieve my goal. Then we have the validation business, Now remember, if you're one of those people that are leaning on somebody else for support, then the validation you're getting is from that person the person that you've given power to, because anywhere you're disempowered, they will empower.

They will feel empowered. They will overpower you. And the truth is is if somebody's in control of the money, they're in control of your decision making, they're in control of your saying, they're in control of what you believe you can have for yourself, because not at any stage, did you stand up and just say, I'm gonna start a business and you started doing it? You actually looked all around you to the validation of the people around you. And you're like, I'm thinking of starting a business, and she says it's never gonna work.

It's a flooded market. I'm thinking of being self employed, you realize how hard it is to work out taxes. I'm thinking of charging this much. You'll never get paid that much. Nobody's gonna pay you that much to do it.

Do you think I should do you think I should do this? And all of a sudden, you've lost all your power. You're in a disempowered state because you're not doing anything want to do, and you're asking everybody else to give you some form of acknowledgement and validation that you can do it. In every day on my business group, people start up business every day on my business group, my my wife doesn't believe this. My husband doesn't believe this.

My mom doesn't believe this. My sister doesn't believe this. My best friend told me, and I was like, yes, those people will always, always may say you, but the problem is is you've given them power. You've given them power because you're in a disempowered state and you are unable to empower yourself, and that's exactly what you're going to do. You're going to look for somebody else to take responsibility for you.

And I also anyone operating from validation is not doing for themselves. When I was ready to lose weight, I didn't go on a diet. I started losing weight. People started to go, wow, you're losing weight, and I'm like, I just was ready one day. I'm gonna talk about what how I became ready to change because that was, again, another wonderful tipping point but it was a moment where I realized I didn't want this anymore.

It was a moment I realized that I teach people to live their dreams to have a successful business, to unblock, unlock, and unstick themselves from this idea of their self concept, and yet I had still been carrying this extra weight. So I realized I must want this. Or it wouldn't be on me. And then I realized that we have this need to please everybody. We have this need for permission, this need for validation, this support and attention, and you want one of these more than you want the result.

You want to be supported, you want to be validated, you want somebody else to take responsibility for your pain, you want somebody to take control of you because you feel disempowered. And so you reach out for everybody else to empower you and you're never going to live your dreams until you start walking towards them through your own pain track. You're never gonna have them because you're relying on somebody else to make you something, to create you, to manage your pain, you're relying on somebody else to do it. And how is that ever been the way to walk towards your dreams. Have you ever heard somebody of great success?

Stand up and say, I asked for so much validation and permission and support then everybody did it all for me, and now here I am. Because the truth is is once you choose your pain and start walking towards it, I do not need you to validate me. Now it just so happens that I come with a stubborn streak. It's in my family. And I'm one of those people that if you wanna get me to do something, all you need to do is tell me I can't do it.

Because when somebody says you're never gonna do that, I'm like this. Say that again? You can't do this. What? You can't do this.

I'm like, watch this. Because there's this power inside me, And I know you all have it that comes up when I'm told that I can't have something. Now, as I was growing up, I watched successful wealthy people, and I thought, can I be successful and wealthy? And instead of getting jealous of what they had, I used to watch them and say, how did they get that? And when I would see people achieve something, I would say how did they get that?

How did they do that? I'm going to do that. And when I put my mind to something, something that I could empower myself, I always achieved it. And I never needed anybody's validation. And I can always tell the difference between somebody who is looking for validation and somebody who is actually walking their path and the person who is walking the path is doing it.

The person looking for validation is talking about it, and that's where Facebook and social media gives you a little bit of a confusion because sometimes it looks like somebody's doing it, but you know they're not doing it because you can feel the energy of somebody that's really doing it and somebody that's pretending to do it. And I never had to double check myself on whether I was doing it or not. I'm always doing it. I am in that arena, mud with dust, bleeding on a daily basis. And if I feel too scared to go in that arena, I push myself into it now.

I am always doing it, and I'm not talking about it. I'm not gonna tell you something and then maybe do it. I'm not asking you for permission. I'm also not asking you to empower me. Because in order for you to empower me, I would have to be in a disempowered state, and I will not be in a disempowered state again.

I could be poor and I will not be disempowered ever again. I would just be restricted as to what I could buy. Okay? I could get knocked down. I could lose everything right now, and I would just have to start again.

But I would not be disempowered. And if I was disempowered, it would be for a very short time. Because I know my power now. What if I could give that to you right now, your self power? What if I could give it to you as a gift?

What if I could literally take it out of my chest and put it into yours? I empower you now. You have the power to make a decision about what you want and then actively go after it every single day. And if somebody, Nays says you, you can say, yeah, thanks. I'll put you on the pain track.

That was annoying. And if you need to sit down, if it hurts you, if what they said hurts you and cripples you, if you have to sit down for a couple of hours, or you need to leave your work or your job or your business for a day because what they said hurt you, it just meant it was the truth. The more it hurts you, the more truthful it is to you. So whatever they say, no matter how much pain they're bringing It's only because it's true. Alright?

So this is now every day you're going to be like, I choose my success. I choose my pain. Bring it on today. I can face any pain that is given to me now because I know that it's not going to take over me. I it's not gonna control me, it's just gonna come into my body.

I'm going to acknowledge what it's showing me because it's gonna tell you something you have not done enough self love work. This person disrespected me. You are not respecting yourself enough. I feel overwhelmed, ask people for more support. I don't believe I can do this.

Then you don't want it. I don't believe I can do this just means I haven't tried yet. I believe now I can do anything. I've proved it to myself over and over again, and yet I still feel fear. I still feel the pain, but when I do feel the pain, I go, 1st of all, I say, oh god, that hurts.

And then I say, I can overcome this. I have done this. I know this. I have the power And every time I come up, I come up a little bit further, I come up a little bit further. I feel like rocky on the stairs, and I'm Then at the and they're like, yes.

And then what's at the top of the stairs? Moa pain. Okay. Let's say you don't want pain. I don't want pain.

I want an easy life. I wanna stay at home. I wanna be supported. I wanna be house husband, whatever. I don't want a business.

I don't want a big career. I don't want to be famous. I don't want to be a life. I don't I I just want to be the person that gets up in the morning watches TV has very little life pain. I operate on very little life pain.

I'm just gonna cruise through it. You know, it's all good. Life's good. Maybe I'll smoke a bit of weed during the day because, you know, I don't have any responsibilities. I don't care about anything in life.

I'm gonna be there. Fine. But I'm not talking to people that want that. I'm talking to people that want that. The big dream And some of you have small dreams.

I wanna own a house. That's a small dream. Some of you are like, I wanna hit record. A big one. And you can have that because there's people on this world that have achieved it, and you can achieve it too.

But first, you're gonna have to clean out your pain closet. So you want one of these things more than you want the result. Here's another choice. Everything in life is now a choice. My pain is a choice.

Okay. My path is a choice. My self empowerment is a choice? It's a choice. Choose.

So let's say you wake up in the morning and you wanna eat chocolate cookies, and you don't really wanna eat chocolate cookies, but you're battling with it. I give myself a choice. There are 2 pains, 2 pain options. 1 is you're gonna eat it, and you're gonna feel terrible and sick afterwards. Then you're also gonna be confronted with a bit of self hate.

You're out of control. Maybe some old behavioral things in there are gonna come up. Do you still want it? Right. Mhmm.

Okay. So this other option is you're not gonna eat it, And for the next half an hour, you're probably gonna have to go for a run or a walk or distract yourself or snap yourself out of it, and that's gonna come with a bit of pain too. And now I'm like, I'm gonna choose what I want. I have the power to choose every decision in my life. And I feel incredibly empowered all of the time, and it makes such a big difference.

You are more important than me. You are more valuable than me, You are infusing your energy and your talk and your body language with a victim state. And you were speaking fluent rejection when you're in a disempowered state. Fluent rejection. It is seeping out of you fluently.

So I talk a lot. I'm gonna talk a lot today about an empower state and what a disempowered state is, both in business and personally. But right now, the the one thing I want you to feel in body as I want you to breathe in in that moment. And even before you acknowledge the feeling, I want you to say to yourself, I'm in a disempowered state. Meaning, right now, I'm feeling something that is either fear or rage or anger or I wanna run or I feel a pain coming that I do not want to experience, and I'm going to go to all of these degrees to not feel this pain.

And all I have to acknowledge right now is that I'm in a state fear, and the only other state you can exist in is a state of love. There are only 2 states. Fear and love. And the hardest thing that we're all gonna learn is how to switch over in that moment, to love. Because your coping mechanism, your ability to neither ties yourself is so extraordinary.

It will find ways to get in front of your pain before you even allow it to come into your body. Alright? And that is what makes us so gloriously human, but that is what you're trying to overcome. Your ability right now to bring the pain that you're avoiding into your body, and it's not what you wanted to hear from me, is it? In fact, you wanted to hear that I'm gonna teach you how to love yourself and live your dreams and love yourself, and there will be no pain.

You actually thought that I was gonna tell you how to heal the pain that you're already holding and not ask for more. There is no way out. This is it. You're like, okay, wait a minute. More pain?

Yes. But let's call it growth. Because pain's just such a scary word. Let's put it there. In the area you are not empowered, someone or something will overpower you.

Write that down. Because what I want you to do tonight is list all of the areas where somebody is overpowering you. And you're gonna be quite shocked at how you have relinquished power in many areas of your life. You're going to be quite taken, I think, with how many times it could be money. It could be intimacy, it could be love, It could be a client.

It could be when you're making sales. It could be when you're making simple it could be a family member who's overpowering you, maybe sometimes you're even overpowered when you need to speak your emotional truth and you cannot. Somebody will overpower you to a point where you will muzzle yourself and not speak your needs you will not communicate what you need. You will not communicate what you need for support. You will not speak up for yourself.

You will not tell somebody how you feel because you're frightened of how they will react, they are overpowering you in that moment. And you are choosing to not speak your truth. And in that moment, you're gonna realize there is a slew of people in your life that are overpowering you because you're disempowered in these areas. Any area you feel like somebody is overpowering you, you are disempowered in. And you need to really take a good hard look at who it is and why in how they're overpowering you because that is frightening.


==== End of Transcript: Self Value 05 - Validation ====
