==== Start of Transcript: Prework 04 - The In Between ====

Hi, everyone. Welcome to Homework Video 4. I do call this the in between why. Video 1, we looked at our identity and our self perception in all of the areas of our lives. Then we looked at our money on video 2 and that self worth and how we're living and attracting, and then we walked the multiverse in video 3, self discovery, and started to expand our mind and open our hearts and really to write our love lists.

I think that was the big step with video 3 and all of the things that ignite us. Now A lot of people have asked me 2 things. How do you know that you're ignited or struggling to feel ignited? And the other one was, really just discovering how powerful this multiverse is. So I just wanna say that all manifestation happens in the multiverse.

So the key to all manifestation is hard connection walking the path So first, what we do is one step at a time. I'm gonna teach you one step at a time. First, you have to visit that mall verse, then you have to understand that there are no limits in the multiverse. So you start exploring congruence steps in there and paths in there that just awaken your brain. Imagine you've spent weeks, months, even years trapped in loops or you've been really bitter about something in the past and it consumes you, or you have a lot of drama in your life, from other people or just around you, and it's exhausting.

Can you imagine that spending time in a universe of unlimited possibility must put your entire body in a completely different state then it's in when it's in constant, like, resentment and drama, which I was in for a long time. So no wonder my gallbladder collapsed. So like I said, one step at a time, we get into the multiverse first. So first, what we do is we get into the multiverse Let's see. I wrote a note, and it's important that I get this right, because when I wrote this, I was like, I probably this is the best I've ever explained it.

And obviously, I really, really feel that when I see people responding the way they are to being in the multiverse, I'm like, oh, I can't wait to teach you more. One step at a time. The first step is to daydream, and that's what I talked about in video 3. I want you to daydream. I want you to walk past that don't exist.

I want you to have conversations that have not yet been had I want you to imagine a future where you look different. And I want you to stay focused throughout all these paths that you could walk on how you feel in all of them, not how you look, not even what you're thinking that's just creating the path how you feel. And when you feel a path that doesn't feel comfortable, doesn't feel right, there's competition, you're not in the multiverse anymore, step out, go back in, and keep reconnecting in this daydream kind of way. Then you start to experience the multiverse And the cool thing about experiencing it, as you start to take shorter journeys in the multiverse, you start to see really simple things you imagine, connections happening, the next day they happen. You imagine maybe someone calling you, the next day they call you, it's super freaky at first.

You're gonna say it's weird there's always a whole lot of, I don't believe it. And it's like, really, you don't believe it. I'm telling you to ask for it. If you say I don't believe it, that the same as saying, but how it sends it back. So when it happens, you say, there it is.

There it is. There it is. They did a study on people. Have you ever heard somebody say I'm looking for a car park? I'm gonna ask my angels.

So they did a study on if people who said I'm looking for a car park, I want one straight out the front. I'm gonna ask my car park angels. Everyone has a different little car park angel prayer. I've heard a few good ones. And then, lo and behold, someone pulls out, and there it is.

And guess what? In this study, the people that believed in their car park angels, did not get a car park faster than anybody else. They were just more alert to looking for car parks, looking for anything because they'd already set that intention. And therefore, when they get their car park, They were incredibly grateful that their angels had delivered. It's so incredible, or you can drive around thinking, there's new moon in car parks here, there's never anybody.

Everyone, you know, overt stays in their car park, and you could think a whole lot of bitter things and shift your own energy back to negativity or you can ask for guidance. So one step at a time, we daydream first, we start to experience this the becoming because that's what happens. You start to walk around in the multiverse and discover all these cool things about you that you really want. And before you know it, these things start to show up. And then all of a sudden you start to create in the multiverse, that I know when I go into the multiverse, with intention to imagine a future scenario and walk towards it.

Is it gonna be exactly how I've imagined it oh, no, that does not work that way. It just does not work that way. So I want you to remember you're in a feeling place. Even if it's visual, we don't see pictures in our minds like movies. They're just flashes.

Mostly, it's your feeling place. And again, when you walk the multiverse, stay in your feelings because you're gonna find your path really quickly. Once you start to create the multiverse, this is where you expand and expand and expand. And as I just said in the group, I have created millions of dollars in business and products in the last 23 years, and I don't have an education. I don't have a business education.

I created everything in my multiverse and then walked this path, and that's extraordinary to me. I've created businesses. I've sold businesses. And I'm an uneducated hack that just kept walking my path and I just keep visually saying it. I keep visually walking toward toward what lights me up.

Now a lot of people had problem with writing an I want list, so then I said, well, write an I create list because you are creating it Then as I keep teaching you about love lists, this is really an I love list, isn't it? So it's an I want list. It's an I create list. And it's an I love list because we don't chase anything. We have clarity I want.

That's not chasing. That is clarity. Okay? Then we have I create is we connect to it and then we step towards it every day. I love.

So we could make that love list that I want list that I create list, it doesn't matter. They all mean the same incredible thing. I want you to unfold this list nice and slowly filled with heart connection and value. What do I really want here? What do I really want to create, and what do I really love to create or want to bring more of into my life So unfold the list until the list fills you up, and the list is going to fill you not with yearning, not with any resentment or but how this list is going to be so connected to what you want it's going to be filled with clarity and certainty and conviction, and this is alignment.

This is where you start getting to what it is that you want and you're connected to it and you're going to bring it into your life every single day. You heard my list. I wrote that list with flow. I deleted it, plumped it up. As I said, changed it, and you can change the list every day at your list.

You're the creator. You get to create it. You get to change it. That's why it's gotta be heart connected before it comes to fruition. Master he takes time.

Right? Creation takes some time. You've gotta be focused on what you really want and stay focused on it. The only way you can do that is heart activation. So I said that I didn't wanna work.

I wanted to create every day, and I don't wanna work. That was just a time boundary really, that was just a time boundary. And I did sort of explain the difference between sometimes we look at our list. It's not about asking for more money. It's about asking for more time, but mostly remember the golden rule from this video, create time to create because if you don't make the time in your daily ritual for you to be the VIP in your life to create what you want in your life, you can't create it at simple as that.

This is about prioritizing yourself, balance. I wanna always prioritize myself, but I have to balance my creative brain, and I have to balance my physical body, and I wanna balance my bank account. Those are all things that I want to balance in every one of those things comes down to boundaries, my boundaries, what I want, how I want to spend my time during my day and what I'm gonna do with it. Don't forget it. That is so important and so vital.

So if you can't write that, I don't want list I said, write if you can't write your I want list, write it. I don't want this anymore. Now listen to this. I said this in the main video, but I want you to hear it one more time. When you cannot write an I want list, when you don't feel connected, it's because you haven't even explored the multiverse yet.

Go and explore until you feel a spark. But if you cannot write an I want list because of your current situation, or because you feel like you're holding on to trauma or whatever it is, I want you to write and I don't want this list anymore, but I need you to know this one thing. If you're writing and I don't want this anymore list, that tells me that you're stuck. That tells me you're stuck on what you don't want anymore. Instead of what you do want, it tells me that you have no boundaries.

It tells me you feel trapped It tells me you have not started to come up with solutions or options yet, and you have no clear path forward because you start Okay? So this is the part where you need to ask for help because you can't you can be apathetic. You can be you know, really sort of melancholy in your life and you can be inactive, unfulfilled, and a people pleaser, and living other people's dreams which is completely normal for a lot of people, but that's not stuck. That's just not lit up. So when it comes time to ignite you, for those that are feeling this igniting of your creative self and your soul, and you're starting to feel a bit sad that there isn't any alignment or connection in your life so far because you're seeing it.

I want you now to start really lighting up. And for those of you that feel stuck, you're stuck. You're stuck in your mind, and this is where you need to break this big loop to get to the next step, which is just accepting where you are right now, no matter where you are so you can get to the next level, because guess what? After you get to that level, it's so cool for 2 minutes, and then there's a new level to aspire to, and there's a new level to, you know, hit a glass ceiling and there's always a next level and a next step and a next level and a next step. So start walking my friend.

And one step at a time, you just start coming out of the fog, and then you'll look back and you'll just go, wow. I can't believe what's ever there. So write this list, write this I love list, this creation list, this I don't want this anymore list, but then turn it into what you do want immediately and cross that out and burn it. So for this video, what are you asking for? Right?

And how are you asking? And this is really what represent what it represents to you. And I think it's so important to stay heart activated in everything you ask for. So what am I asking for How am I asking for this? What does this mean to me and why am I asking for it again?

Noticed nothing on my I want list or creation list was emotions. Okay? I didn't say I wanna be happy. Or I wanna feel a certain way or I wanna be in love or I want to be seen or I want to be respected or I want to be successful and it's like cool. Those aren't things that you can actually ask for because they come from inside you out you can't ask to be happy because you can't attract happy.

You have to be happy. You have to embody value. You know, you have to be these things. So I find that really intriguing that we tend to ask for things that come from inside us, and that's not what I want you to do. And I think that is a really, really important lesson.

So I wanted to just bring you back to an important note. As you're doing this week, this video. Alright. I do want to know if emotions came up for you, but they don't belong on your creation list. They belong on your boundary list.

Because if you're saying I want respect, then the first thing I would do on my respecting myself that other people are disrespecting me. So, you know, it doesn't matter, you can bring this up. I mean, it's not comfortable but write it, but then move it off your list because this does not belong in your creation list. This belongs in your self love list, and it's really good that you you know, know this. Like I said, a lot of the time, people, when you ask people, what they want to be, they tell you the adjective or the noun or the big picture, but what I really want to know is the verbs.

So let's work through our verbs in this homework and see if you can find some really amazing verbs. And if change your path forward. So in this video, I want you to work out what goes on your, I'm gonna ask for more list, okay, that can be its own list. And then I want you to work out what goes on the budget. So this new budget that you're going to budget for that holiday or that travel or whatever that thing is, then there's gotta be on the what time boundary needs to be set.

Oh, that's gonna be a good one because I can't make time to create if I don't set a boundary to make time for myself to do the things that I want to do. What direction am I setting for my health account, my travel account, name them, give them a name, give them a percentage and send that money every month with the intention of that bringing that house to fruition for you every single month when you transfer the money, I would say this is for my business and transfer that. I would say this is for the tax man. I transfer that. And then I'd go, this is for my house, and I'd put it into my house account.

And that and I got a house. I just keep saving and saving and saving, and it was my direction. And then I knew when I asked for money, I had bills to pay I had money to divvy up. I had savings to, you know, assign. I had direction for my money So it didn't just take a backseat.

It took a priority in my life like my time. Oh, yes. Because if I'm valuable with my time and I'm valuable with my craft and I am valuable in receiving money then that makes me pretty awesome and sustainable and profitable and a money making machine with a whole lot of time boundaries. So that's what I really want you to work out with this homework. It's now time to prioritize you you have to become the priority now.

Everything you've ever complained about, it's now on you. Everything you've ever wanted, let's go. Come on. Let's created the business you want, what is it? You know, the self image that you want to step into your own truth, your true path, your true calling, What is it?

What do you want to be? What do you want to become? Come on. There are no limits here. There is only stop complaining and start thinking about what path you're gonna start walking because that that is the exciting part about being in the multiverse.

I want you to understand that if you ever have a problem in the multiverse, that you're there to just feel it. And if it doesn't feel good, you're not in the multiverse. So feel your body when you're in there. Feel your intention. When you're in there.

Feel if it ignites you on whatever path you're in, you know, the multiverse always feels good. Spending more time in the multiverse brings more stillness, It brings less loops because you're focused on what you want instead of what you don't have. And that's where we used to spend all of our brand energy, all of our All of our bandwidth was wasted and worrying about money when we could have been focused on creating the path to more of it. The multiverse brings more creation, more creation, more creation, and trust me soon you'll be creating in there like me. It makes you more visionary it makes you more connected, more intuitive, and more aligned to everything and everyone around you, but mostly yourself and your path and that's when you truly start to unfold.

What do you feel excited? What do you feel excited to create. What do you feel called to create? You know, most people give me that big picture. Most people give me adjectives like I'll say, what do you want to be?

What do you want to do? I want to be successful. I wanna be respected. We we all want that. Yep.

I wanna be rich. Yep. Whatever that means to you. I wanna be seen. Yes.

We all want to be seen and heard call. Doing what? What are you doing? While you're being successful and rich and respected and, you know, seeing what are you doing? What's the verb?

I get the adjectives. I even get the noun. I want to be this, you know, but what are you doing that's lighting you up every single day. So in your homework, I've got some cool, like, verbs for you to think about, and I really want you to start connecting to your path and your superpower by doing this. You know, you have to light up doing something before you can become someone.

That's it. You have to, like, master something before you can become someone. So what is this thing that sliding you up. What do you really want to master? You have to feel connected to something to show up to it every day.

Otherwise, you don't master it. Mastery takes time. So it's like you have to be connected to it. You have to wanna show up to it every day. So to have growth and joy and momentum, you have to have commitment and these things are supercharged.

All of these things are supercharged when you have heart connection. So get some clarity. In this video, get some clarity about what's supercharging you, what's really lighting you up so you can start to just bring it into your world. So what are you most lit up doing? And and doing that, think about these and finish these sentences you might wanna come back to it.

You might just take a flow at it. You might take a flow at one at a time and you can write multiple answers on one line. I'm super interested. If you light up on more than one line and then don't light up on one line, like, I light up on all of these lines, but again, I kind of love to explore myself in a business sense and in a creative sense. So see how you feel about this.

Answer this question. I want to make something. Make something. I love to make things. I'm a creative, and making is definitely part of my world.

If you could make anything, what would it be? I wanna design something. Okay? Design is entirely different world, isn't it? Coming from the sort of conceptualization of something, maybe a brand new something inventing something or designing something, I want to craft something and making something and crafting it yourself entirely 2 different things.

So crafting, what would that be? I want to learn something. Oh, okay. Never stop learning. So if you're going to open up this new path and your multiverse, What are you doing if you're doing any of these things and when you're doing it, when are you the most lit up and which of these lines attract you the most I want to study something.

Okay? And another good one is I want to master something. Now when you feel the hunger or ready to master something, you've already gotten a taste of mastery because when you see mastery, it's extraordinary and you want it. When you want this path, you know, it lights you up. Mastering was a big path for me.

I want I had to master the craft of photography because I did not get a high school education. To me, that was my value point. Mastering business was my second big call to mastery. So, that was definitely a big one. And then mastering public speaking was my 3rd big call to mastery.

And I spent a good 10 years on all three of those things really feeling like I've mastered them. So, I want to join something. Oh, that could be a good one. You could join a group. You could join volunteers.

You could join, if there's a 1,000,000 joints. Okay. I want to belong to something. That's another good one. I want to start something.

I want to create something. Oh, that line just lights me out because that word is just part of my, you know, vocab. I want to build something, and that's a good one. I think building is so strong and, you know, it's something you feel very drawn to doing. I want to grow something 2 different things.

I feel like building is more physical, more structure. I want to build, you know, this into my life and growing some thing think more like, a business is not built, you know, that would be plans and rules, you grow a business like a garden has the right amount of light, the right amount of nutrients, the right time, you know, everything. You grow it every single day. So I want to connect to something. I think everybody wants that, but I did put it as a line, and I want to thrive doing something.

We all want that. And I wanna love something. Well, guess what? In order to be successful on your path and any one of those verbs you'd have to love doing it. So I want you to go and get a whole lot of love clarity, and I want you to work out what it is that you really want to become so that you have clarity on your path forward because then you get certainty and conviction, and then you get this Oh, thewhelming connection and commitment and concurrency, and you just show up every day, and that is alignment.

So connect to you, connect to what you're doing, and remember, what you're doing is a verb love is a verb. You've got to do it. And whatever you want to become, you've got to embody it. Be it from the inside. And love doing it.

Tag me in the group if you need me. That's where you can ask me questions.


==== End of Transcript: Prework 04 - The In Between ====
