==== Start of Transcript: 12 Awareness ====

Now we're gonna get up every day, and we're gonna start a daily ritual of self value. And there's a few huge things that I need you to start implementing and practicing in your life. You know you are always attracting and you're already getting what you want and what you don't want in lots of other areas. So now the point is to learn all the ways to process your emotions, your goals, your focus, and your mind all together So you start working for yourself in alignment instead of against yourself. And the first thing you need to learn is awareness.

This is hard. Awareness. This is something that will move you considerably. If you don't like something that someone else does, it's because you do it. This is my favorite segment.

It's called mirror mirror. When you become friends with me, I'll introduce you to the self mirror. When you complain to me as a friend, I will bring you to this, mirror. All of my friends know this. It's one of the greatest joys of being my friend.

If you don't like something, somebody does and it affects you a little bit, you do it a little bit. If you don't like what somebody does or is and it affects you a whole lot, it's because you have it a whole lot. Now you know what you say about me tells me more truth about you. And when you know that what you're seeing is in you, it changes what you see. This is called mirror mirror.

The world is reflecting back your emotions. The world is responding to your emotions. So to shift how you feel about the world, you have to shift your emotions and your focus. In the car, We've got my thoughts and my feelings shotgun. Now you get to observe these 2 clowns.

Don't believe them. Listen to them. You're going to listen to them as the driver in the car that has these 2 little three year old terrorist monsters in your front seat constantly talking. 1 is constantly thinking out loud. 1 is constantly feeling out loud like a three year old that lost its candy.

Alright? And then you look. Let's look at our focus first because whatever focus you hold, you will give energy to that focus, and you will be attracting from that focus And remember, we don't believe our thoughts and our feelings anymore. We simply just listen to them. Once you become aware that you are the observer of these voices and that they are too little entities in your car that have a big say They're fed by fear.

Okay. Fear's in the back. Fear's always picking up an old story. So we can't stick the clearing fears. Harrim out of the back seat.

Right? And if you look at your focus, if you're problem focused, you're just attracting more problems. So you need to get this feeling up. And it's a feeling of good, a feeling that is powerful of being solution focused of knowing that you have all your answers, you know you can do this to reach love focus is the ultimate. But if you stay in a drama focus, you just get more drama.

If you stay in a problem, focus, you get more problems. When you go to a solution focus, you start getting solutions. But when you get into a love focus, this is all for me, it shifts instantly. But at least in a solution focus, least you're looking for a solution, but a drama focus and a problem focus just perpetuate down. So step 1 in awareness is become aware of how you are talking about everything.

Listen to yourself. You know, they say the best thing to do is if you're on a big conversation with someone that you gossip with and you talk about with people and, you know, that's how you connect. Just record record your phone, record your your side of the conversation, and listen to it. What are you saying on repeat? How are you saying it?

What are you saying to this person? What are you bringing into your focus with this person? Observe your words and the energy with which you speak these words because they are the power. Observe when, where, and how often you are pulled down to a drama level by somebody else or by an old problem. Or why are you always down there?

Always seeing and attracting drama I was, who's down there with you? You've got some good buddies in that little drama focus, Oh, it's probably one of your best friends. It's someone you know really well. Maybe it's a parent, you know, and who's down there with you? And when you're down there with that person connecting in this drama space, who are you talking about?

Obviously, people that have a lot more than you because you're in drama. Right? So what are you saying? What are you saying? And if you're saying it, you're saying it.

And if you're saying it, you're doing it. And if you're doing it, you're being it. So that is you, who you are. So is it mean? Is it envy, or envy is good?

Envy is what we want. Envie is a scream for a goalist because envy means I want what they've got, and I don't believe I can get it. That's stuck energy. And when you see somebody with something you want, that means create a goal list. Instead of hating what I have, if you look at something I'm having a she has all that, and she has all that.

Yeah. She does because she did it and took action. So you do the same. You can. You're not stuck.

Go. Envie is just blocked desire that screams to be on your goal list for you to step forward because envy turns into resentment and earning instantly. And why do we react to drama to other people's drama, drama, begets, drama, love, begets, love if there's drama in your family or in your workplace, or you have friends in your life. And if you are at the center of the drama, and you have to understand you are energetically connected to it, connected to it. If you're feeling it, you're connected to this drama.

You're contributing to it in one way or another. You are feeding it. Removing yourself from any situation of drama is what your focus is now. You're gonna make a declaration to yourself to never gossip or backstab or contribute in negative energy to somebody else's path ever again without acknowledging you're talking about yourself. You are being pulled into drama, and you are choosing to go there.

Why do we do that? Because we get stuck in our avoiding patterns. And so we love drama because it means we can have more of our, you know, avoidance patterns, which are bad, but we just hide those. So drama means I can give myself the stress relief that gives me joy instead of dealing with the stress. And the only way to get above it The only way to get above it is you just have to understand you're in a complete place of avoidance if you're in problem focus.

The only way out is a solution focus first. And then you just slowly just start to stick yourself because you focus more on the solution. But then when you've gone one step further past that solution, You're now a solution focused energy. Anything that comes at you, you know, you've got the power to solve it, And then I bring that straight up into love energy, and I start empowering it and actually giving to this energy instead of being afraid of it. So That's just avoidance to stay stuck in drama, and it's where we connect with people.

Sometimes you can have a gossip friend, and you talk very badly about other people, and that's how you connect. And I've had friends like that, and I always felt sick when I got off the phone. Like, I said things I shouldn't say said things that that go that were going against my sole beliefs. And it also feels like that you are constantly being attacked in drama, and that there's no separation. It's almost impossible to see how you're directly contributing to this energy because you're so deep in the emotion.

You're in the drama. Like it's happening. It's drama. Okay. And because you're so deep in it, and that there's anger and resentment coming up and there's betrayal and blame and everyone's saying it's their fault and you're doing this, you feel good.

Right? Because when you talk about people, it makes you feel better about yourself, but you're contributing to this energy. And this is exhausting. And you've gotta raise your energy to love. And as you become aware of what you're saying and how you're saying it and all the drama focus around you, and all the avoidance.

And you gotta look at what you're attracting, and you've gotta look at this emotionally consuming drama. It's impossible to lift yourself out of it until you see how much negative energy you are constantly contributing to it. Cut, all negative talk, all gossip. What you say about me holds the truth about you period. The next time you talk about someone, if you can't elevate them, stop talking.

Start to see how many of these drama connections are yours, and how much hate anger and blame and ignorance is in your drama, and you feel it It's yours. If you're feeling the drama, the drama is partly yours, whether you think it's somebody else or not, And, you know, when you really stop this negative talk, a great pain lifts off you, and it's shame. Cut all arguments, take a knee, you can come back to love. When we're problem focused, we take no responsibility for our problem. Or our partner problem.

We're just obsessed about the problem. Many of you are doing this now. It's what we do when we battle our own avoidance behaviors, which was our own stress relief which was our own dopamine, which was our own way to feel good. It's so wrong, and it feels wrong, but the truth is, this is not your problem. You're just stuck in this focus, and maybe you need to ask yourself, why?

How did I get into this situation? This is not even my problem. Then You need to set the boundaries around you to work your way out of it and learn to speak up for yourself and honor yourself, and that is the call for self love. So staying stuck in any problem focus is just non acceptance and non acceptance, no alignment. When we accept the problem as ours, to release, we move to the solution much faster.

You attract 10 times faster. And when we accept our partner, our partner, not what they did, our part in it, not the wound, not the situation, our part in it, our holding the story, we can release it. And when we take responsibility for our partner, we take control back. And being solution focused, this is the ultimate lesson for business owners because all you ever doing is solving problems and setting expectations and delivering on your value and service and reconnecting that with joy. But trust me, when you start to train your mind to look for solutions, you have to break the loop, and it's hard to break that loop.

But remember when I talked to you about alignment, the mind goes to the emotions. The emotions go, oh, we can't do this. It goes straight back to the mind. The mind goes, we're gonna do this. The heart goes, and dies.

And then the focus is, I'm focused on the fact that we can't have what we want. And the heart is dead. And when your solution focus and you're looking for the solutions, you're training your mind just to look for solutions, you gotta break that loop. And it's hard to break the loop when you're in the emotion. So you gotta react to the emotion, and you've gotta hold the emotion in your body and just sit with it and be with it and know that it's not that scary at all and listen to it.

In a solution response, there's no blame. There's no finger pointing. Just I take responsibility for this. I set this has happened is happening. I'm going to find a solution in action, and I'm gonna get into alignment around this.

And this is why I'm standing here today. Because I got really good at that. And when you're loved, focused, and when you're sharing, living, and serving from a place of love, and when it's when you love who you are and what you have to offer this world. You step forward to business and personal opportunities because you feel deserving of them. You asked the universe.

You asked god for abundance because you believe you're worthy of stepping up to receive that these with gratitude and you work in an energy that highly attractive and magnetic to people because you're working from a place of love. You forgive. You have compassion for all those still growing. You have empathy. You don't make everything about yourself, and this is the opposite of drama focus.

Nothing grows beyond your emotional response? How can it grow beyond drama? It's not even an emotional response. You cannot start a business to get out of debt unless that is the single focus, meaning a business by design is created to make money. You cannot attract money, manage money, keep money, or grow money when you don't value money or yourself.

So bring your awareness to how you manage speak and direct that money. Notice how often you feel judgment from others in your head. You're making it up. You walk into a room. People look at you, you've decided what they think about you.

That's your filter. Notice how often you feel judgment from others. Notice how often you pass judgment on others, whether you're speaking it to a friend or it's in your inner monologue, notice how often you're criticizing people's appearances judging other people's money, judging other people's body, judging other lifestyle choices, and you're internally judging judgment. You're sitting in judgment of somebody else doing something. Come to a witness, hear it, hear that envy meter spark up the goal list.

Maybe you're criticizing their weight or their hair or the way they are speaking. Or you're just generally in a place of judgment, disconnectedness, or you're in a place of love and open acceptance, What you're judging holds more truth about you. So if you can come to awareness to listen to my thoughts and my feelings, those 2 idiots, that are screaming in your front seat. If you just listen to what they're saying, you will understand what you're believing right now about yourself. And what you're judging holds more truth about you than it does about me.

So when you judge somebody in front of me, what do you think I'm gonna do? Oh, wait. I'm just gonna get my little mirror. And that's what you do. K.

You just go to the mirror. It's you. So in order to be in a place of love and open acceptance where you can actually attract from your heart, you have to acknowledge you are the judger. And you're just judging yourself. You're not really judging other people.

You're hearing the voice of judgment, and you're saying, I look in the mirror now. That's what I'm saying to myself. How often do you feel taken advantage of? Family, friends, who's taking advantage of you constantly? How often does your internal poor me kick in?

How often do you speak up, but don't invite your tongue? Observe it. You're the observer. Observe everything you say yes to when your soul screams no. Observe the resentment you feel when you say yes, when you want to say no, observe what sort of people and experience reflect to you that you are low value.

And start to look at how you were coming into the situation because you're coming into it low value, and it's a self fulfilling prophecy. But if you're aware of when and when, when and who you're getting it from, if you're aware of where the mirror is, it's just a mirror. Stop looking for people to validate you because what you're seeing is a whole lot of people not validating you because you're meant to validate yourself. And before you walk into a room, focus on centering yourself in self love, ground your feet. Pull that perineum up, tuck the tongue, tongue to the top of the mouth, fire.

God, lay into the top of your head, let these energies meet fill yourself up with self love and say, Oh, do not need to make anyone in this room like me. I just am love. And empower yourself before you walk in not to listen to fear and his new old story, whatever she is, whether it's buddy story or any old story, kick her to the curb, absolutely right now. Breathe in acceptance and confidence that you are emotionally involved enough to stand in this room and know that nobody in this room is higher or lower than you, fill yourself with love. Nobody is above you.

Nobody is below you. They are just a mirror of what you believe you are. Try to give openness attention, be present in every conversation. Listen. Become aware of how often you are waiting to speak instead of listening.

Notice if you wanted more talking time, but people would cut you off or didn't listen to you were you listening to them? Gossip, drama? They're best friends. They are BFS forever. And just like old story, drummer, and gossip do not get to come in my car.

They are guests. They are not welcome. Kick them out. What you say about me is really about you. Now, what I say about you is really about me.

And that's the only thing I ask, am I doing this? Because if I'm seeing it, then I am absolutely saying it. And if I'm saying it, I'm doing it. And if I'm doing it, I'm being it. So look at what you see.

And this is how I got to my mirror work, and this changed my life, emotion, observation, awareness acceptance, and then I process this emotion through my new filter, to believe. And I start to demonstrate value by treating myself with great value, then that is my boundary. It's already speaking loud, seeing, saying, doing, being speak heart. Hafese said the words you speak become the house you live in. The most powerful chef you have The most powerful shift for me was changing my self talk.

My abundance and money talk and learning to speak it into existence Someone asked me once how I started loving myself. The answer is I focused all of my energy on what I wanted to create And any time I got a voicemail or a text from self hate, I called to believe, and I shifted my focus. To the emotional self, I would say I don't have time to be an avoidance. I'm building my dream. I don't have time for self hate.

Get out of my car. Thanks for the feedback, but I don't live like this anymore. How kind? I was almost like, you know, self hate, that was a really mean tweet. And you shouldn't be too mean to me.

Now I'm just like, no. I don't negotiate with terrorists get out of my car. I would shift my focus back to working on my dream and creating my value with joy. You're going to come to awareness, and I want to prepare you for some of the stuff you're going to become aware of. We all have experienced that vampire friend.

We all have that acquaintance or the friend or the family member that frankly sucks our will to live. Well, it might be you. And I thought it was everyone else too, and that was me. I was the vampire. And I just saw it in everyone else, because what I saw was them sucking my dreams away.

It's you. Please be kind to yourself, awareness goes to acceptance for a reason. When you come to a awareness of what you're creating, you'll realize you're doing it. You're gonna see all the avoidance behaviors that you don't like, that you hide. You hide them from yourself.

You lie to yourself about your own avoidance behaviors. They're fun. Wait till you unwrap those. Oh, and that will come with a big serving of guilt and shame, but don't eat it. You'll get gassy and no one wanna come near you.

Okay? It's all it is. It's just they come up. It's a serving of guilt and shame. You don't have to eat it.

You can just throw it out. It doesn't belong to you. If you if you take it, it's yours. Shame Sticks, remember, you're going to see how you are the poison. Remember, you're the antidote.

And if you ever get confused about why you're unlovable, go to the mirror and ask her. Ask him. That's why. It's you. Our daily ritual of self value starts here in awareness.

First, we move into this awareness of everything we're saying, speaking, creating in our life, and what we're singing back. Then we move into acceptance. This call to self love must be honored with self love. However, long it takes you to fill all of these areas of your life with love, your awareness of the power and soul you start here. You can change my thoughts and my feelings.

You do not need to listen to their voices anymore. And if they don't stop talking and you have to listen to them because they're telling you something, listen, but don't believe anything. They say, The awareness will change your life. What you were saying, if you're saying it, if you're being it, if you're saying it, if you're doing it, remember, what is the biggest resentment I have towards my partner, that's how you really feel about yourself. So now what is the biggest resentment I have towards other people that is for you.

What is the biggest resentment I have for other people holds your greatest emotional growth? So when you hear the voice of gossip, when you hear the voice of judgment, when you hear my thoughts and my feelings getting all twisted out, and blaming people and saying horrible things, you know, that is a call to self love.

==== End of Transcript: 12 Awareness ====