==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 5 Coaching ====

[00:00:01] Sue Bryce |  Welcome. Thank you, Rayless. We're actually clapping all of you guys and all of you guys here, because you're now curators and now you get applause when you walk out on stage. Let's talk about week 5 guys. How did you go?

[00:00:17] Sue Bryce |  How are you going? Where are you at? Everybody's got questions about beta testing. I'm very excited to talk about that. I want to talk about building a list we've got lots to go through, you know, you build a you build an audience on social media.

[00:00:33] Sue Bryce |  Alright? And then you build a list. So you build an audience on social media, and then you gotta build a list. And if you think about all the ways you could invite people to that list, here's a couple of prompts for you, And you guys are creative, awesome creatives. If you have any more ideas for this list, Put them in the chat right now.

[00:00:58] Sue Bryce |  So if I said to you in a video, hey, are you on my list join the network, the link is in my bio, would you think I want to be in Sue's network? If I said to you, join my VIP list. Would you wanna be one of my VIPs? I'm gonna give you first option to book new product, first option to book workshops, which always sell out, join my VIP list, do it now. Would you do it?

[00:01:27] Sue Bryce |  Would you join my VIP list? If I said, hey, join my list so you can get on the next round of coaching. Do it now. Alright, stay updated. All I'm fully booked for this coaching guys, but if you join my wait list, next intake is July 1st.

[00:01:46] Sue Bryce |  Alright? Join the list so you can be updated. You don't have to commit to it. You're just gonna get an email to say, this is happening now. If I said at the end of a video, do you wanna join my community?

[00:01:59] Sue Bryce |  Here, the link is in the bio. Join my list right now join the community discussion on schools. Join the community discussion on my Wix app, a Wix app is only $1800 a year off your web site. And we've only had one glitch in the self value Wix app, and the year that we've had it, 1, My first app for SBE cost $280,000 and it was dead in 2 years. It was a custom app.

[00:02:33] Sue Bryce |  Wix now do an app for your business for 1800 dollars a year, you can customize it absolutely incredible inside that app, are groups, private groups off Facebook, where you can communicate with your community or your platform, join the revolution, Terry Hoffman, Viva La revolution, body image revolution. That's what she went with. I love join the revolution. Come up with more. Make it cool to be on your list and stop acting like asking people to be on your list is like asking them for a 1st date.

[00:03:18] Sue Bryce |  You know, I want you to want to be on my list, and I'm going to say that every single time I broadcast, talk, real, write a post, join my list. Now, if you wanna incentivize people to join your list, here are 6 incredible options. If anybody out there has a 7, 8, 9, or 10, put it in the list, put it in the chat so that we can talk about it. These are my absolute favorite ways to build a list. So I have always had a blog, because I love blogging.

[00:04:00] Sue Bryce |  I like long form, a little bit longer than Instagram, although Instagram now is called a microblog, well, it was until Reels took over. Now Reels are communicating more information than the text body in your Instagram. So if you look at a blog or a vlog, which is just you video blogging, but you're doing it longer form, then you're going to post on your Instagram, and you're going to say, if you want to watch these videos on my blog, join my list, and I will update you always as to when I'm doing new vlogs, and blogs, and you can also do them for members only. Number 2 is a monthly newsletter, maybe it's maybe it's fortnightly, for the Americans that's every 2nd week. And you don't see bi monthly because some Americans think that's every 2 months.

[00:05:02] Sue Bryce |  So I don't know how you guys screwed that up, but we came up with a 1st, and every 2 weeks is called a Fortnite. So it's a Fortnite newsletter. And now you can do a monthly newsletter. You could do a weekly newsletter, but whatever you commit to is the commitment you're making to those people and you cannot drop that commitment. If they're expecting a monthly newsletter, that's what they're expecting.

[00:05:30] Sue Bryce |  You're not to sell on the newsletter, you're to give something on that newsletter because that's the whole point. Number 3 would be give them a digital product, maybe give them a template. Maybe say, download this template. Give me your email address, join my list, and then I can update you, and it's kind of like a gift or an exchange, a little a little digital download for you. Try this cool little template try this little PDF.

[00:06:01] Sue Bryce |  The other day, you know, this week was how to monetize an artist, and we pulled that 8 ways to monetize an artist as its own PDF, and we used that little PDF as a lead capture to sell content curator. We put it out there and said, if you're interested in monetizing an artist, download this, give us your email, and then we start marketing to people. This is still the way we get clients. This is still the way we get away from the social media controlling, okay, controlling our accounts, because you could wake up tomorrow with no social media, and all the work you've done is just gone down the toilet, and you will never get it back. Number 4, There is a return guise of lead capture videos.

[00:06:47] Sue Bryce |  These are lead generator videos. Now, hear me out. It occurred to me that there is a lot of other coaches in this world. And if you were to see me for the first time on social media, what differentiates me from all the other coaches? What makes me different than all the other coaches.

[00:07:12] Sue Bryce |  Now originally, we started to do lead generator videos, and they were webinars show up to this free webinar, and inevitably, they would give a small amount of information followed by a big sales pitch. And yes, it was free, but that doesn't work like that. Creative Live was a free model. I would broadcast free, and if you liked it, you would buy it afterwards. We were social proof that people just wanted to see it first in order to purchase it and it 100% worked.

[00:07:51] Sue Bryce |  So now, yesterday, I just did a lead generator video for SBE. In this video, I'm talking to photographers that are looking at SBE for the very first time and wondering if they should join. So in this video, I said This is how you build a photography business. And for 45 minutes, I walk them through lighting, posing, retouching, direction, styling, connection, craft. Then I gave them the 8 verticals to personal brand and said, now, when you come to me, you've mastered all of this.

[00:08:31] Sue Bryce |  Now I'm going to teach you how to build these verticals around you to be in business. I walk them through each step, giving the information. This is what you have to do next. This is what you'll do to get to here. This is how you get money.

[00:08:48] Sue Bryce |  This is how you get profit. And all I did was absolutely sit a photographer down and go, oh my god. There is, like, 38 steps I have to go through in order to have this business. And then at the very end, instead of hard selling it, I just looked in the camera, and I said, if this is you, if this is what you want, wanna create a business, go full time, create a side hustle, make money while you sleep, create a business of freedom where you never have to build anybody else dreams again, then I'm the coach for you. And this library has over a 1000 videos in it, and I welcome you to the Port system, I hope it changes your life.

[00:09:38] Sue Bryce |  Now, if you didn't know me and you just sat through a 45 minute holy guacamole that woman dropped some information. What's the worst thing that can happen? They don't book. Did they help someone, even if they didn't book? Hopefully, a whole lot of people.

[00:10:01] Sue Bryce |  Do you think I converted a whole lot of people? Let's see next month. I'll give you the numbers. But it's the best part about lead generators you can track the amount of sales you were getting from that one video. I want you today to consider What would my lead generator videos be?

[00:10:25] Sue Bryce |  If I could create a glimpse to me if I could give you a glimpse into what it was like to be with me, to train with me, to be my student, to learn from me if I could just give you information and win you over with my knowledge and my experience and my energy, and you know, look, some people see me and they go, Ugh, I hate her. She speaks, and I'm like, people have told me that they've emailed me to tell me, when you come up on the screen, I physically have a reaction to you, like I don't like you. One woman told me I hate you so much, that, like, 8 years later, I just randomly, a video popped up with you, and I started watching it. And for some reason, I could get past 30 seconds this time, and you are actually incredible. And I was like, thanks.

[00:11:25] Sue Bryce |  Sorry for the 8 years of hate. What I did was I triggered something in her about me. She saw me in envy and wanted what I had and doesn't understand why I had it, and she didn't. I understand that, and you're going to be faced with all that dumb stuff. But at the end of the day, I'm going to give somebody something for free in order to make 1000 of dollars, and it's lead generated videos.

[00:11:53] Sue Bryce |  Now, I might be wrong, and 1 month you're gonna go, you know what, Sue? How did your lead generator video go? And I'll go, yeah, it didn't go as well as I thought it would. Like, But the truth is is I actually think it's going to be big, and I think it's come back, and it's not webinar Okay. It's just a free session with me, come and check it out, hear what I've got to say, because I started to, from the moment I started talking, I started to drop bombs one after another.

[00:12:24] Sue Bryce |  I was like, this is where you're at right now. You probably've already got a site, right? But you're still shooting and burning. You're not selling digital products. That's different.

[00:12:32] Sue Bryce |  I started dropping bombs right from the beginning, so I'm hoping that when people watch that they're gonna be like, oh, oh, oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what I want. I want I'm not there to go, Hi, everybody.

[00:12:48] Sue Bryce |  My name is Sue Bryce, and I'm, Gemini. So I'm, like, shy Wild, and I, you know, I like cupcakes and fluffy bunnies. I love fluffy bunnies, and I love the beach. I love walking on the beach. And it's like, okay.

[00:13:04] Sue Bryce |  We that's cool too, but, like, this is a seminar, and I'm here to give you information. It's like, I'll give you this. I'll show you this or connect this way, you're gonna like me, you're gonna like this information, you're gonna join, and then then I can be like, Join my VIP list. If you're not ready to commit to my workshop, join my VIP list and I'll wait till you're ready. Okay.

[00:13:32] Sue Bryce |  What if I do 2 lead capture videos and you unlock the second one by watching round of coaching, join my wait list, join my community, my platform, join the revolution. But the thing is as I'm asking every single time, what if I put up secondly generate a video, and I go, you can also watch the next step to this video, which is a entirely new subject, If you put in a friend's email, recommend a friend to go on my list to receive the introduction to this or send the first video link to a friend, and you will get a code to unlock the second video for you. It's like creating a mini seminar and then putting it up there and showing people what you got they experience you, your set, your voice, your cadence, your energy. Who feels nervous about doing that? The chat is going so fast right now, I can't get any of it, but Melissa's on it.

[00:14:39] Audience Member |  I was gonna say so far.

[00:14:40] Sue Bryce |  So let me slow down. How do you beta test an ebook? A template? Q2, when beta testing a workshop, how do you earn the trust of your attendees and thus encourage their attendants? Okay.

[00:15:00] Sue Bryce |  So a beta test is usually free. But you can charge to beta test, but you have to charge less. Now, if you have already established that you're a speaker, an educator, you can charge for your beta test. If you haven't, don't charge with your beta test. For a template or anything like that, that I am beta testing, what I would do is talk to 2 or 3 business owners, personally, maybe have a private hour with them on zoom, and talk them through the template, how it helps, how it can change their business, how they can use it, how they can maximize it, coach them to use your template, and then monitor how it's going.

[00:15:44] Sue Bryce |  Reach out to them in a week and go, how are you doing? Has it changed your emails? Has it changed your bookings? Has it changed your retouching? Has it changed your posing?

[00:15:52] Sue Bryce |  And stay connected to them with their feedback, maybe make, a weekly thing for 4 weeks, and just say, I have I have created this incredible template, it's how I blah blah blah in my business, and I would love to share this with you and have you use it, utilize it, use it in your business, and give me feedback about the product, And if the product is good and I don't need to develop it further, I would love your testimonial, and I'm gonna sell this template for $99. So you're giving it to them for free, and you might choose 1, 2, 3, 4, 10 people and then they can absolutely work through it and see how it helps them. It's very important. How do you beta test video content? Well, video content really comes down to you're going to choose like this, remember the assets I have video content, and then I have a live component, or when you're beta testing, they're gonna watch the video, they're gonna do the homework, and in the live testing, instead of you're going to just coach them, right?

[00:17:03] Sue Bryce |  Straight away, you're just gonna coach them with the content right there just like that, and you're going to tell them I have created a video workshop series and coaching series. It's 6 weeks long, it's going to be $499. I am choosing 5 businesses to work with, that I think could really use this coaching and chain and move their needle, and I'm looking for five people that are ready to do that work so I can coach them over the next month. Now, that might sound like a really big commitment, all that free, all that free time, but trust me, if you can get to the end of the month, you've practiced your content, you've slayed your content, you've changed somebody's business, you have a following, people are talking about you, it does not get better than that. Alright?

[00:17:53] Sue Bryce |  Very, very important. Is it worth to go back and rerecord some of it? Only rerecord it if, content is incorrect, needs updating, and if your audio is bad. If the lightings like I don't look that great, too bad, I don't look great in 90% of my videos, and I feel great when I sit down, but then I, obviously look at the videos, and I'm like, But obviously I'm on stage, so I'm always in stage light, or I'm like, you know, I'm like, it's not usually, like, friendly for me, but people don't care almost the content's good, and the audio is really good. So yeah, if there's something missing, you can record a bonus video, so you don't have to rerecord it.

[00:18:38] Sue Bryce |  Just record a bonus video and say, after working through the content, we added a new video, and the new video was how to blah, blah, blah, because they found lots of people needed more help with this. You can keep adding videos to an existing workshop. Or an existing coaching, you can say I just added a new video that walks you through setting Facebook ads for campaigns, and everyone will go like, ah, and guess what? You've already bought the workshop. I'm gonna give the bonus video to everybody who already owns the workshop, then instead of going to your social media and going, I ain't got a new video you just made the course you have more valuable, and then the hundred people have already bought it, and now in your comment, going, oh my god, you're giving us more.

[00:19:27] Sue Bryce |  Can you see how that energy is more has more momentum than, like, Oh, I've got to I've got to sell this new video. Hey, everybody. Coming soon, a new video. Scroll, scroll, scroll. No.

[00:19:45] Sue Bryce |  Found out another cool thing talking about marketing. And Jason and I were in a full marketing talk the other day, and I was like, he was like, he's creating something new, from this class, it's gonna be good. Like, it's gonna be real good. Like, when people find that alignment, and he's like, could it be this easy? And I'm like, mhmm.

[00:20:08] Sue Bryce |  Mhmm. It really is that easy. So we were just talking about marketing, and he goes, but I need to post that it's coming. And I was like, we don't do coming soon. He goes, but I need to post something.

[00:20:19] Sue Bryce |  And I said, Listen to me. In the moment that you feel all this pressure to post something, I gotta post something. Oh my god, you're already doing this workshop, this template, but she said, don't post coming soon, but I gotta post something. I gotta post something. Do you know why you feel that way?

[00:20:36] Sue Bryce |  You're in the vision. It's a vision, and you're excited by it, and it's coming. And you're already trying to share it on social media, don't share your vision. Only you can see it. Only you can feel it.

[00:21:02] Sue Bryce |  Until that vision becomes a step and then a step and then a product, it's just a vision. That's why when you put it out there, you already see the workshop. You already see the I'm on stage next year at TPM. You've already seen it in your vision, but the people hearing it is like, she wants to be a speaker. Can you see?

[00:21:28] Sue Bryce |  At the moment that you really are getting so, like, I need to tell people. I need it's because you're becoming. It's because inside you, you're already changing, you already have the vision for who you are and who you're becoming, but you haven't done it yet. And you're not doing it, you're talking about the vision, and then suddenly that became so clear to me when I was talking to Jean. I was like, share nothing.

[00:21:58] Sue Bryce |  Make it. Make it, and then share it, and then you're not saying this is my vision, you say, this is what I made, and people say, how did you have the vision for that? And then you show them. After you've given them the product that the vision made, and I know we're all caught up in the vision. And you're trying to post a vision.

[00:22:27] Sue Bryce |  It's only yours. So what's that saying? In chess, you do not speak. You act The only time you speak is to say checkmate. Life is like chess.

[00:22:48] Sue Bryce |  Now, when you get into this vision and you are just so wanna I wanna share this, I'm becoming, I've gotta tell people, you're still in the vision, and then that's where the imposter syndrome is. Because the vision hasn't come to fruition yet. Isn't that amazing to think like I get all caught up in the vision because it's all in my head at this point, no one can see it. And I tell you, I said deduce, and the best part is, and I think the same thing that says in chess, you don't speak until you say chessmate says something like, if you share your vision, you get division. Because as soon as you share your vision, someone goes, well, that won't work.

[00:23:34] Sue Bryce |  Now it's divided. Now I believe this, and those are your limits. And if you say, well, you could do it this way, but why don't you do it like here? And they go, oh, oh, do I have to do it here? Now I'm following an idea that you have that doesn't feel right to me, but you know, maybe you're helping me with the money, so I have to do what you say.

[00:23:54] Sue Bryce |  So now I'm divided. I'm divided by what I truly want, my align where I am the most lit up and connected. And that is how powerful it is. Don't share your vision Make the vision, be the vision, embody the vision, live the vision, and then you're in it not a vision anymore. Now it's like, this is my life.

[00:24:18] Sue Bryce |  I share this. That is incredible. How do you beta test a self love photoshoot retreat. 1st, sell a self love photo shoot. You can sell one self love photo shoot then you can book a workshop with multiple people doing self love workshops.

[00:24:39] Sue Bryce |  That's how you do that. More questions. So don't put coming soon on social. Nope. Nope.

[00:24:49] Sue Bryce |  But you know what? Okay. So how do you share your vision then? Yes. How do you share your vision?

[00:24:58] Sue Bryce |  Okay. The only time you share your vision is in the creator room. Right? Cause there's no ego, there's no limits, and it occurred to me when g was talking, when I go into the creative room with him, I already have my opinion. So if I'm in the creative room with him, I'm already dividing his vision.

[00:25:30] Sue Bryce |  So can you create vision with anybody else? No. It's the wrong question, isn't it? How do I activate my vision? I start being around creative people that are in alignment with what they want, and we're all activating at the same time.

[00:25:54] Sue Bryce |  If you give me any inspiration, you will empower my vision. But you don't do that. It's something you say that I resonate with when you say it. So if you say, well, you could do it like this, and I go, God, that is brilliant. I could then add that to my vision because I thought it was brilliant, not because what you said was brilliant, you might say 6 things that don't resonate with me, and my idea that are brilliant for other people, but not brilliant for me.

[00:26:28] Sue Bryce |  But when you said that one thing that my soul knew was the truth, I was like, he's that's the truth. I say the truth. Look, I get goosebumps all over my buddy. Your buddy does not know what the truth is. It's only listening to what's coming out of your mouth.

[00:26:42] Sue Bryce |  And so to me, I'm like, cool, but yeah, that's cool, but you're dividing me if I think I have to do anything your way So nobody comes into my creator room, certainly not self doubt. Fears in there all the time, because fear's just in the back seat going, can you really become this? And you're like, I don't know, I'm terrified. I'm sweating. Nice smell, but, like, fear's always there.

[00:27:11] Sue Bryce |  Nobody else comes into the creative room with you. It just doesn't happen. How do I beta test an existing website with print work? You could make it live to ten people, I believe in having a creative brainstorm, I don't choose people in my genre necessarily. I might choose a client, a best friend, a designer, a fellow photographer, a different coach, and I send it to them, and I have a survey survey I want you to survey your list.

[00:27:51] Sue Bryce |  I want you to survey your network. I want you to survey your community, your wait list, the people in your platform survey them. What do you need? Have you worked with me? How would you like to work with me?

[00:28:04] Sue Bryce |  What what is the best way I can support you right now? Do you need books? Do you need video products? You're not asking for content You're asking what connection do they need? Survey, everybody, and people love doing surveys, especially multi choice.

[00:28:22] Sue Bryce |  It's so easy. Make it cool. So in SBE, I used to, every time before I do a marketing class, I needed some stats as to what you guys were really doing in numbers because let's face it. Everyone fluffs it a little bit. So I'd go, cool.

[00:28:39] Sue Bryce |  How many of you are making reels? Yes, no, maybe. How many of you are doing this? How many of you have done your SEO? How many of you have embedded Pixel?

[00:28:47] Sue Bryce |  How pixels is not a thing anymore. How many of you have done this? How many have you done this? How many of you? And then at the marketing class, I'd sit there and I'd go, Hi, guys.

[00:28:56] Sue Bryce |  I surveyed 1243 of you and 936 of you said you haven't done SEO. And I'd show them the survey, and they'd all go, like, oh, yeah. So maybe if no one can search for you, And when it came to actually proving the numbers, the real numbers, that's what the survey did. Survey your client survey them, all of them, survey you're following, survey them, make it fun, Sometimes you can give something for that survey. Alright.

[00:29:32] Sue Bryce |  Back to lead generator. Lead generator videos, lead generator videos, lead generator videos, lead generator videos, I'm gonna try, I'll keep you updated, I promise, I'm gonna tell you how they go. I've just done one for SBT TPS, TPM, I've just done one for, content curator, and my next one's gonna be for personal brand, which is not launched yet. But if I get a lead generator for personal brand and I start building a list on the numbers for personal brand, I will already have a list to sell to when that launches, and when that launches, that list will get a discounted price above anybody else. Alright.

[00:30:13] Sue Bryce |  So the gift product giveaway could be different than a download. Because sometimes we can give a gift or a product or a product code or a product discount from one of our ambassadors, in order to get that email, and it's also just a great way to put it out there. And number 6 would be ask for it. Ask for it. Like, literally at the end of every reel or at the end of every post, have you joined my VIP list?

[00:30:45] Sue Bryce |  And just work out which sort of list you feel the most comfortable saying you are and create words outside of that. So you can do all of those things right there, or you can create a group on Facebook. Trigger warning. People aren't making groups on Facebook anymore. Facebook is slowly dying, and a lot of our older generation are still on Facebook and a lot of business is still on, Facebook.

[00:31:18] Sue Bryce |  So I don't see that changing in a hurry because my mum loves Facebook. You know, the later adopters are still enjoying it. There are no young ones on Facebook whatsoever, and I managed to group on Facebook for 10 years, and it's 20 fourseven drama. It's 20 fourseven of the most drama I have ever experienced in my life. It's just this this unbelievable group of people you can wake up in the morning and this person has been upset with this person and the thread 2 days later.

[00:31:52] Sue Bryce |  I lose 2 days of drama, and I'm I have no these are business owners. These are business coaching groups. I don't suggest it. I have a lot of, pissed today about Facebook, but yeah, there are schools We're all on schools. It's a great program.

[00:32:09] Sue Bryce |  Like I said, there's a private group inside the Wix app, which blows my mind. It's just as easy to use as as schools, and I think this is the future. This is where our groups will go. What are the steps after beta testing? Selling?

[00:32:24] Sue Bryce |  Building a list. This is what we're going to do. We're gonna build a list, and then we're gonna sell our products to the people on our list that wanna be part of our list. How do we build the lead generator? What resources, software, and options are there?

[00:32:38] Sue Bryce |  Okay. So really when you talk about lead generator, you're really just talking about a video. You can put that video on YouTube or Vimeo so you can host it and then you can basically plug that video into your website so that people can play it, but it's behind a little box that says put in your email in order to watch the stadium. When you do that, they're ultimately going to land on a sale page. If you don't want the sales page to be front facing in your website, it can be a private link, so the page exists, but you have to have the link to get to it.

[00:33:15] Sue Bryce |  Now, if you want to put it on Vimeo or YouTube, but have people pay to watch it on Vimeo or YouTube, you can also do that and have them go there and watch it. So that's, lots of different ways to do it. Can you explain what platform you're using for lead generators? What are the top notch points? So I never cared about that.

[00:33:37] Sue Bryce |  It's just your email list. When I first started it with SurveyMonkey, now there's lots of different modern ones, and I don't even do my modern list, so, but I can find out for you, but honestly, they are a dime a dozen. It's not a secret or anything. Do you create multiple private groups for the different genres audience? If you want to die, Erica, a very fast,

[00:33:56] Audience Member |  if you

[00:33:57] Sue Bryce |  want to die a first painful painful death, go and create multiple private groups right now, like, right now. Please join me at all of them. Again, guys, just like, no, it's not the way anymore. It was the way 10 years ago, weirdly, we're going back to lead generators, videos, and building email lists. It's crazy.

[00:34:22] Sue Bryce |  Sorry. Sending an in person workshop based on a successful existing online course, but I'm writing a new course as well, should I prioritize one over the other? Here's the thing that blows me away about creating online content. Often I would say Oh, guys, I have got a new workshop out, and everyone's like come to New Jersey, come to Paris, come to Ohio, come to Los Angeles, And I'm like, okay, so you would rather me bring fourteen people an entire work, tire, like, wardrobe models, and all of the equipment to Ohio instead of you just flying one flight to LA. Right?

[00:35:07] Sue Bryce |  That made me laugh, because people would be like, you need to come here, you need to come here, and I've seen, I've seen speakers do this all the time. They go and book a workshop in Ohio, and they get 2 people. Now, somebody telling you they want a workshop online does not equate to sales, until they've clicked the button that says buy now. It's true. So what you have to do is get the list going for the workshops.

[00:35:32] Sue Bryce |  Now you can have multiple lists. Let's say you have a workshop list. Do you wanna get on my list for the next workshop? This is the list. Do you wanna be on the list for my next photo shoot?

[00:35:41] Sue Bryce |  This is the list. If you wanna be on the list for my next coaching, this is the list. You know what I mean? So it's kind of, you can have multiple lists and call to those lists when you're ready to. But, you know, I think it's that group that group to me right now, I think it's the old way of doing things, and I'm sure it still works to some degree, but, it is a lot of work.

[00:36:07] Audience Member |  So if we are running beta tests, what kind of information are we getting from the people that are doing the beta test? That we can then glean how we need like, what what do I need to get from them to understand how to do it better or what worked?

[00:36:22] Sue Bryce |  Is it good? Is it valuable? Was it easy to use? Does it change your path? Does it help you in what way?

[00:36:35] Sue Bryce |  What part of this helps you the most? Is it the 1 on 1? Is it the workbook? Is it the accountability? Is it the quantifiable steps?

[00:36:45] Sue Bryce |  What's wrong with it? What's right with it? And how does it help you? Would you sell it to your friends? And do you like the price point?

[00:36:56] Audience Member |  Okay. And when you have a conversation, or do that like a survey on?

[00:37:00] Sue Bryce |  I would do that as a conversation.

[00:37:01] Audience Member |  Okay. So that's what I thought. Yeah. Thank you.

[00:37:04] Sue Bryce |  If you feel energy like the people that have your content are disengaging, you've either chosen the wrong people, or they're not into the content, and they don't know how to tell you. There is going to be a part of you that needs to lower the ego so that you can hear what's wrong with this content and hear what's right with it. You know, Jen is extraordinary in this way. When I started my business, I had to do all of my graphic design because I couldn't afford a graphic designer. Also, I was just naturally good at it, and I'd done a graphic design workshop when I'd left high school.

[00:37:41] Sue Bryce |  So I did it all, and I sort of hacked it and DIYed my own, like, design stuff because I had to. Where was I going with that? Jen? So I used to do this thing whenever somebody would say could you design me something? Thing, I used to hand over the design, and I would say this.

[00:38:03] Sue Bryce |  This is really weird, but I'm not a designer. I'm a photographer, so I have no ego around this. If you don't like it, change it, like, I can't see your vision. You this is just what I've designed from what you've asked. I don't have an ego around this, so it's like, if you go, I don't like that fun, I'm not gonna cry about it and eat a pound cake.

[00:38:24] Sue Bryce |  Right? I just am not. And when Jen did all the homework, she sent it to me, and the first thing she wrote to me was, I didn't have an ego around this. If you don't like it, like, do changes, like, I'm not, I'm not into, like, And I was like, good, I hate those crimson archways, and we both cracked a lot of it. I was just teasing it, but then she said that to me, I was like, wow, So if you say that to people, you go, you know, I do have an ego.

[00:38:51] Sue Bryce |  Everyone does, and I don't want you to hurt my feelings, but I do need to know if this is heading, if you feel if you feel the value, I do need to know if I can make it better. Remember, at that point, they're only giving you their opinion and their limits. So hear it, but also hear it from the other eight people, because if you hear it from all eight people, it's unanimous. If you hear it from 4 of you, you need to change something now. If you hear it from one person, it could just be, maybe you needed more personal time.

[00:39:27] Sue Bryce |  So ask the right questions and don't be afraid, my husband always goes to people at TPM and says, you're having a good conference, what did we do right? What did we do wrong? Then he comes home and tells me, and I don't wanna know what I did right, and what I did wrong. Because it's not we, when he's telling me, it's me because I'm on stage, and I'm like, I don't wanna hear what I did wrong until afterwards. But he wants to hear there at the show.

[00:39:59] Sue Bryce |  And I'm like, why do you ask people that? Cause if they're upset about food, they'll just barrage them about the food for 10 minutes, and it's like, not a food conference. I don't wanna hear that. And he's like, but I do. And I realize it's no different than me saying, is this good content?

[00:40:16] Sue Bryce |  Is this working? And you can tell by the way the people around you are like, Angie. This is amazing. Angie, this is helping me so much, Angie. This is changing.

[00:40:25] Sue Bryce |  Listen to what they say about your content. Listen to how they compliment it Listen to how they compliment you, like, oh my god, you are so energetic, you are so when I'm with you, I feel like you're speaking to me, you know, listen to what they're saying to you because those compliments are gonna carry you into the next step, right? And it's very, very important that you are, getting that feedback and listening to it. If you were to go right now, okay, for the people that are gonna do workshops or coaching, What if you were to create a coaching package at your highest package, $8000, just say for an example, and then you put it up on your store, and you put fully booked on it. They can see the package, they can see how much it is, They can see a price and they can see fully booked.

[00:41:16] Sue Bryce |  Okay, let's do a hypothetical. I'm gonna post a product today on subrice.com that says, one day coaching with me, 8 hours is $8000. And then I'm gonna put currently sold out No, fully booked. Not sold out, fully booked. And then underneath it, I'm gonna say, my next intake for coaching will be July 1st.

[00:41:41] Sue Bryce |  Join my VIP list. What does that say? I want it. Okay. Now if you're looking at that and you're like, Sue's doing an $8000 coaching package and it's fully booked.

[00:41:59] Sue Bryce |  I want it. I want it now. Now I can't have because it's fully booked. Now I've gotta go on a waiting list. Even if I have never taught a coaching session.

[00:42:16] Sue Bryce |  It's still my package, and it's still fully booked. Now I might be fully booked beta testing. That's really none of your business, but you can see what the package is how much the package is, and what you're gonna get for the money, and you can't access it. Go into a waiting list right now. Soon as you can, do a waiting list.

[00:42:44] Sue Bryce |  The second you become in demand people want you more, people will wait for you. Okay, and it just creates more demand, more demand, more demand, more demand. So what do you do to be, do you want to be on the list for the next workshop, is different from coming soon? Yes. And let's look at it like this, Sally.

[00:43:07] Sue Bryce |  If you've created a new work up, and you go, I've got a new work workshop coming soon. I look at the post and go, whoop, do shit, Ally? It was no action for me. What am I meant to do? Steer at the post for the next 8 weeks until you announce the workshop.

[00:43:25] Sue Bryce |  Like, so what? I'm gonna do a workshop. That's really nice, Ellie. But if you said, the workshop is, booked for, or, new workshop dates for July, are you on my wait list, or next workshop fully booked, show a workshop, go on my wedding list, or, you're just announcing workshop dates. But you do, webinar, I hate that word, a lead generator, so you do a live.

[00:43:58] Sue Bryce |  I think live is used more than webinar. So you go, I'm gonna do a live session, for 30 minutes to, to talk about this workshop, this new workshop, These are my dates, but it's not like coming soon. And if you are gonna write coming soon okay. Just don't write the word coming soon. That you can show anything without saying coming soon, like change it to doing it now.

[00:44:27] Sue Bryce |  This is what I'm currently doing, is better than coming soon. Especially when you show a photo of something coming soon, it's like, Why? Yeah. And also, remember, when you do get to speak or you get published or anything like that, you don't write the post and go, oh my gosh, this conference has asked me to present. Well, You didn't win a prize.

[00:44:56] Sue Bryce |  You literally vied to be the information, the voice, and the content on that stage. It should be more like this. I am keynote speak here at blah blah blah. You wanna be in the audience at this conference, then the people who own the conference are like, she's marketing our conference. Yeah, she's doing it on the periphery.

[00:45:13] Sue Bryce |  Come and meet me. There's a speaker meetup. I'll have a table afterwards. I can't wait to teach you this, this, and this, and it's not like, oh my gosh, guys, look, they've asked me to be a speaker, aren't they important? And that just looks so ridiculous to me, and I do it in this dumb voice, because that's how disingenuine I read your post.

[00:45:37] Sue Bryce |  You know, I would rather have posted a a 3 second clip of Jason Photography, me, and said we've been making new videos. Than saying coming soon, new posing class by Sue Bryce. Just something so simple. It's just a simple little tweak, and the way you're saying it, the way you're doing it. That's why you have to have all of those speaker reels.

[00:46:03] Sue Bryce |  And let's talk about speaker reels. I have an awesome speaker reel. Oh, I didn't load it. But, I'm just wondering if if Kelli gets my iPad, He could probably load it for me. It's one of my speaker reels, okay, Caitlin just sent me this.

[00:46:24] Sue Bryce |  So I said I want a speaker reel that looks like an advert, that's coming. I'm getting mine edited right now, which takes a bit of time to get those but in the interim, I need a 5 minute video of you speaking. On stage, it can be it can be online, but it just has to be and it has to be content, you can't just come into a strong part of your talk. It has to be relevant to the people watching it. Like, it has to be relevant to your cadence and your energy.

[00:46:56] Sue Bryce |  And did you find my iPad, by chance? So I just saved, videos from Kate, branding videos, and you'll see the black and white one and I'm on stage at TPM in 2019. My father had died, and in 'eighteen. And so I don't remember much of 'eighteen. 'nineteen was my absolute favorite TPM the last one was my favorite, but 'nineteen was just so epic.

[00:47:25] Sue Bryce |  That's when we lost Peter Lindberg. And I did a talk that day about, that I want you to be in every sense of the word. And Caitlin took a 5 minute clip video from that talk, and it's the perfect speaker real. So I want you to have essentially, as you grow 2 speaker reels, one where you have a 5 minute, you know, stream of talking, and one where you actually have a little advert that you could create. And, yeah, you can.

[00:47:58] Sue Bryce |  Because it's so good. And I was like, I just downloaded these videos, and I was like, I know that I was oh, I'm gonna play this for everybody. Everyone will really like this. Oh, it's not there. Okay.

[00:48:12] Sue Bryce |  Well, what I guess they could do is put it in to schools. I'll put it, or I'll play it next week. Oh, sorry team. I thought I had that really accessible. Well, ask me some questions, and I'll find it well.

[00:48:29] Sue Bryce |  These guys ask me questions. No, it's just a 2 minute, a 3 minute reel, but I want you to see it because I want you to understand just how to create something like,

[00:48:42] Audience Member |  Virginia had a question about the steps after the beta test, following an invitation for more, or can she sell a recorded webinar or live to go with the workbook, offer free.

[00:48:53] Sue Bryce |  On the that's on the list. You'll see that you can choose to have a recording A lot of people keep asking me about, what software we're using for coaching, Zoom. Zoom is without doubt the best software that you can use for coaching, and all of those lend to, basically, you being able to record and then send all of your coaching people are recording. If you're coaching a workshop in person, you would have to have camera operators filming, and then you would have to be miked in order to create a product at that workshop. More questions?

[00:49:44] Audience Member |  Belentina asked, how do you create demand when you're not yet fully booked?

[00:49:49] Sue Bryce |  You say you're fully booked. And you you basically create such amazing content that you can't help, but like be fully booked. Right? This one? Yay.

[00:50:04] Sue Bryce |  I just wanted to show you because I really love it. And it's just a clip. It's just a small clip, but it's just a clip of me speaking, and it's a very strong one, and it's, where I'm at right now. So I'm very writer. How is Etsy sales handmade merch?

[00:50:24] Sue Bryce |  Sorry. I didn't get that first question. Famous for of is creating, not just Okay. Sometimes if you guys talk to each other, I look at the chat, and I read a comment that you've made to somebody else, and it doesn't make sense me. So it does make it easier if you put question in front, because then we know, or queue, just a big queue would be great.

[00:50:43] Sue Bryce |  Then, you know,

[00:50:45] Audience Member |  So do you need to write a book before doing public speaking?

[00:50:49] Sue Bryce |  I haven't written a book. Who needs to write a book? Who asked me that question? You don't need to write a book?

[00:50:57] Audience Member |  Come on.

[00:50:57] Sue Bryce |  No. There's no book. I don't have no book yet. But I will. I will.

[00:51:03] Sue Bryce |  Oh, you wanna see the build an audience slide? So Jen has created a, download of all of this today. And, I'm sure she'll tell us about it. She's done all of the builder lists as a graphic for you so that you can download it, and also she's given you, build an audience, join the VIP list, or all of those lists, with prompts to create more of your own, We've created that into a doc as well, or create a group. The wait list was the next one.

[00:51:32] Sue Bryce |  I just want to say this, when you create the script and marketing copy around the content. So whether it's a template or a workshop or a keynote or a coaching track, when you create the descriptions and the copy around it, okay, these for these new products, this new content, your new noun, you know, your new verb. I'm a speaker, you're creating this whole new stuff. Just remember that the the descriptions are not about you. The titles and the descriptions are not about you.

[00:52:05] Sue Bryce |  It's about them. Now, number one role in marketing, is speak to oh, you're buying lunch today. Speak to what people aspire to be in your brand. Speak to what people aspire to be? Oh, think about it.

[00:52:23] Sue Bryce |  What do you think people aspire to be when they come to you? So this came up as I was making marketing notes, because I love marketing, and I want to talk marketing today. So I'm like, oh, marketing, marketing, marketing, and I was like, At the time, Callon walked in the next day, and Callon and I were talking because Callon and Adam own a company called tailored media, because they're a team. And he was like, my brand is not personal. We created a brand for a team, a production team.

[00:52:56] Sue Bryce |  So we sat down and we thought about it, and I was like, yeah, okay, so when you are not creating a personal brand, then you have to personalize your brand. Right, because all brands, personal brands are trying to act like corporations, and all corporations are trying to personalize themselves, and be personal brands. But at the end of the day, if you're not a personal brand, if you're a team, then how do we personal his brand. The first thing you need to do is meet the team, right? Meet the team and don't hide on your social media.

[00:53:32] Sue Bryce |  Meet the team. Now if you're a photographer, a videographer, an audio specialist, a producer, or a makeup artist, anybody behind the scenes, how cool would your shop be? Cause you know how everyone does their lean bio, like, home, trying to be this cool brand, you can be surrounded by cameras and going, we are the people behind the cameras. We are the people behind the stars. We make stars.

[00:54:02] Sue Bryce |  And I said, and then in every single slide on that website, you're not showing the team, you're showing me and, you know, Sarai and all your other clients that you work for, and when you show production shots, it's always one person and beautiful lighting surrounded by people and equipment and broadcasting, and you get straight away that this team of incredible people make stars. And I was like, it's not even about you guys at that point. We've met you. We know it's personal, Now I know that they are gonna make me the star that's sitting in that image. And that's still not a personal brand, that is a personalized brand.

[00:54:53] Sue Bryce |  Now if they use their face and say, we're the team behind the scene, and they do that really well, like we're behind the cameras, and then you're looking, from my perspective, looking out, but there's just cameramen and tech people and lights, camera, someone snapping a clacker, you know, it's like, exciting. Like, we're the team, but we make you the star. And then in every one of those shots, you're gonna see the next star they've been working with and the next star they've been working with, and what does that do for tailored media it shows them as people, it shows them making stars, but the best thing about it is you're the one looking at the star in that seat going, I see myself and this brand. I've got goosebumps. I see myself as that star, I see myself in that spotlight.

[00:55:43] Sue Bryce |  So if you're struggling to use yourself and your personal brand, you don't have to You just need to personalize the brand, right? So don't get stuck on what if I don't want it to be my face? Don't worry, your face has to be there. It has to be on there, because it's a personal brand. That's why it has to be on there.

[00:56:09] Sue Bryce |  Voice coaching recommendations, I honestly did not do any voice coaching, I listened to speakers, and I thought, what do they do right? I don't say, but I did it first. I do have it, so So I have some signature things. I have some repetitive things I do with my hand that I have to be careful, like in some countries. That is defensive, and when I'm hitting a point, I've seen myself do that on stage so many times, and I've had people be like, so don't do that in Brazil, or don't do that.

[00:56:49] Sue Bryce |  And I'm like, I didn't even know I was doing that, you know, I just feel like there's lots of things to learn, but in terms of cadence, and in terms of finding my voice, I've got 2 voices on stage. I've really got 2 voices. I can bring my voice down very light and fast. I start moving through stuff quickly. Everybody leans in in the room, and it doesn't matter how big the room is.

[00:57:13] Sue Bryce |  I'll just bring my voice down, temper it, and keep it here, and then I'm just giving information, and people are always leaning forward and shaking their hair Then I have my crescendo boys. I've got my big crescendo boys that comes up and it gets stronger and stronger and it gets faster and faster, and I know when I'm channeling. Because I'll be in my crescendo voice, and then I'll start speaking so fast. I don't know what I'm saying until afterwards. I go, Wow, that was just fully stream of consciousness, and it didn't take me long to get there.

[00:57:42] Sue Bryce |  It didn't take me long at all. Yeah. Well, Melanie, you're only fully booked once, then you're fully booked,

[00:57:51] Audience Member |  if

[00:57:52] Sue Bryce |  you know what I mean. Yeah. If you know what I mean. Yeah. I've released the photo shoot retreat 2 months prior to content.

[00:57:59] Sue Bryce |  I feel like I need to revamp it now. Do I just release it? Again, with new format or announce the new stuff depends how much you've sold. I would call the people and say I am updating, upgrading the content, is it still an alignment with what you've purchased and what you like? Sorry for the changes.

[00:58:16] Sue Bryce |  I've just been working with a content coach, and I realized I had a whole lot of stuff inside me. They just needed to come out. Okay? And they will say, I don't wanna do this new workshop. You can give them a refund because that would be the thing to do instead of bait and switching.

[00:58:30] Sue Bryce |  Have you talked about e commerce name, what we are using to put on our website to sell Big Cartel or something else, I, okay, I don't do software for e commerce, but whenever I identify that people are like, I need to learn about e commerce. I'm like, cool, let's find you someone that can teach you that. So let me put my feelers out And if there's anybody in this group that is an expert in ecommerce, wait for it. Then they can answer your question too, and then they help us, you know, I'm not afraid to say I don't do stuff. I don't care about my e commerce because they pay somebody else to do it.

[00:59:05] Sue Bryce |  Alright? And so that's simply why when I'm not it something, I outsource it, and but I also know I come from the world of hacks. So, you know, when you have to do it yourself, you have to do it yourself. I was invited to speak at a graduation, so it's not something people can attend. Do I say, or just wait until it's done?

[00:59:22] Sue Bryce |  Yeah, just show pictures and video if you can, and talk about it in a way that was, that was interesting to other people. Okay. Think of it like that. I could go and do something, but how can I say it that's going to be interesting to the people in the room? Otherwise, I'm just talking about myself.

[00:59:40] Sue Bryce |  So what's in it for me? Recommendation for a vendor to outsource a newsletter and suggestions again. I don't do newsletters. If anybody here has a good recommendation for a newsletter system. These are all things you can ask in the group.

[00:59:56] Sue Bryce |  You can also ask all the other people here, all the other curators, and you can also ask Google. If you're going to have a workshop on your website that is fully booked but it isn't, I wouldn't put maybe a whole workshop fully booked a coaching pack, I would. A workshop looks a bit fake because you haven't actually got a workshop, so I would definitely do the coaching as fully booked than the workshop being fully booked. Maybe, yeah. Although don't be afraid if you sell a workshop for eight people and it fully books to put fully booked with a waiting list on it because then it really is fully booked, so that's important.

[01:00:35] Sue Bryce |  But what I was saying was mostly coaching packages, but also I've been coaching photographers for 15 years, and this is what photographers do when you tell them, put your prices up. I can't, what will my other clients say? I was like, like, last year's clients? Yes. I was like, well, they would just be on last year's prices.

[01:00:56] Sue Bryce |  If you like them and if you don't like them, give them the new price list. But what would they say? Well, you didn't like them anyway. So why is it important Well, and then what about the new people? Well, they don't know what your old prices were.

[01:01:09] Sue Bryce |  They don't know what the new prices were. So what's the problem? Oh my gosh. You guys. You put me through so much like stress.

[01:01:18] Sue Bryce |  I'm I just don't understand the question, and I'm like, can somebody break it down for me because I think I'm not reading between the lines here, and there's definitely something I'm missing, but it's not. It's you. You. I can't put my prices up. I'm not worth that.

[01:01:39] Sue Bryce |  Oh, okay. We'll pretend it's everybody else then. And then how are you making money in your sleep? Like, what do you have the classes to buy? What, like, what you have the classified in the system?

[01:01:51] Sue Bryce |  Like, how do you sell your digital product, yeah, you create an e commerce store header. I got the question. I don't do that. So anybody here that can give you that information, that's what we need. Yeah.

[01:02:03] Sue Bryce |  Definitely. Oh, yeah. Have a look at my speaker. This is my little 5 minute speaker reel. Just to give you a taste now, it hasn't been edited she just sent it to me and said, would this work for a little clip?

[01:02:14] Sue Bryce |  I need to clean it up and do the edges and everything. And I was like, sweet. And I was just like, yes. I thought long and hard about my intention for you all because intention is incredibly powerful this idea that an educator or teacher can have an expectation for you that shifts the course of your journey, and it's just my expectation. That you are going to succeed.

[01:02:40] Sue Bryce |  The power currency in manifestation is focus and emotion. What you focus on and how you feel about it. I had this very strong desire in me that I was not ringing to fruition. I knew this one thing. I didn't know if I could do it.

[01:03:02] Sue Bryce |  I didn't It wasn't even a plan. Just a feeling. I had a vision of myself on stage, With a microphone, this here, all of this, it's not a big dream. It's a business, and we grow it with intention and power and gratitude and focus. This is not a fluke.

[01:03:22] Sue Bryce |  This is not a miracle. The truth is is we offer something with value, and you paid for it, just like your clients. Everything you thought, manifestation and creation is is not true. It's about what you want, what you focus on, and how you feel about it. I used to have this idea that you had to believe you were worth it, because you weren't that.

[01:03:46] Sue Bryce |  You know? And I used to think, how do you get to a belief you're worth it when you don't believe you're worth it? Because it seems kinda counterintuitive. I realize the the ability to draw anything that you want to you has absolutely no no bearing on what you believe about yourself other than the fact that if you draw it to you, you won't keep it if you have a bad feeling about money. If you carry guilt and shame about money and you wanna manifest, you will get the money.

[01:04:16] Sue Bryce |  It'll just go away really quickly. You know, like, you'll win it and lose it. You will get it and then you'll crash your car and there it goes. It will just go from you. It will repel from you, because you're repelling money away.

[01:04:28] Sue Bryce |  It's about declaring that you want it and then step up to receive it and then follow through with the action that's actually gonna perpetuate you getting it. The universe gives you what you have the bravery to ask for the gratitude to receive in the courage to step towards no more and no less because you will never attract more than what you believe your worth. It that simple, and you can change it. Cool. Spectarreal, right?

[01:05:04] Sue Bryce |  And and not like an advert. That's just a little insight. Like, if somebody was like Brene Brown said we want to book her as speaker. I was like, I've sent this, and, you know, I would hopefully get there. And I was like, so now that I'm starting to look at it like this, and I see all these beautiful reels, and I'm this is what you work towards.

[01:05:21] Sue Bryce |  You work towards getting films like that, and then you work towards getting more asset like that. Now, that was in 2019. When I spoke that, I did my very first presentation as a speaker in 2009. So 10 years later, so don't look at that and go, I'm never going to get there, I'm not there yet. That took me 10 years to get that video.

[01:05:46] Sue Bryce |  And it doesn't need to be edited because it's absolutely perfect, and I realize in that moment that it's like, that's how much I practice what I've done. So I did 3 years of international in person workshops all around the world before I taught on Creative Life. By the time I stood up to do my very 1st Creative Life broadcast on March 3 2012, I had just wrapped a twelve hundred room in Vegas for the first time. I'd ever spoken to a room bigger than three hundred people And I had done, workshops in all countries around the world for the 3 years prior to that, by the time I walked on creative live, my my 12 segments, my 3 day workshop was so practiced It just flowed out of me, and yet most people think that that's the beginning of my career. Yeah.

[01:06:49] Sue Bryce |  So it, that is incredible. And when you think of it like that, it just means you're opening up to more in your career, more products, you know, more income, more experiences, more travel if you have it, and it's so it's such a cool, amazing, growth into your business to come into your full power as a speaker, as a mentor, as just someone who makes more products, and somebody that has a little bit more of a progressive creative business now because that's what business is now. It's personal brand and it can be whatever we want it to be. Ask me more questions. It's coming soon.

[01:07:33] Sue Bryce |  Is it harder

[01:07:34] Audience Member |  to speak to a bigger room? No.

[01:07:34] Sue Bryce |  Twenty people and 200 feel exactly the same. 3000 is like an ocean. 3000 people you stand, it's like standing in front of an ocean. You feel the vastness of the crowd, but you still only make eye contact in the first sort of 10 rows. The people it's a collective conscience, so you feel it as like a wall and it's such a collective conscience to, them that it's, yeah, it's really extraordinary.

[01:08:13] Sue Bryce |  No different than speaking to 25 people. Yeah. How long would I practice my presentations before speaking it? 4 weeks in the beginning. I would write them and just talk on the beach, just walk and talk, walk and talk, My name is Subrise, and I'm a portrait photographer from New Zealand.

[01:08:35] Sue Bryce |  My name is Subrise, and I'm a portrait photographer from New Zealand. My name is Subrise, And when I would first walk down the beach, this is what I would do. My name is Sue Rizbo, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof. And I'd be like, I'm walking on the beach by myself, unable to say my own identity. And I would be like, do you really want this girlfriend?

[01:09:00] Sue Bryce |  Cause you don't have to do this. There's no part of that stage that is like Oh, let me up there. Like, I was like, what? What are you why are you doing this? And it's like, because it's not the stage that I love.

[01:09:16] Sue Bryce |  It's the content. Like, if I could just write all this content and give it to other people to I tried that. It doesn't work like that. If I could just give this all to you guys and you get up on stage, you do that. That would be cool, but no, I would bore, I had imposter syndrome, I'd been a photographer for 20 years at that point, but I still drag myself kicking and screaming all the way up to here.

[01:09:48] Sue Bryce |  The 11,000 people, was a live broadcast, you can't see them. You can't see 11,000 people. You don't even know. They're just watching, commenting. That feels like no control.

[01:10:05] Sue Bryce |  More questions?

[01:10:08] Audience Member |  Can you circle back to the how you did the lead generator?

[01:10:12] Audience Member |  Yeah.

[01:10:12] Audience Member |  And how you produce it, where you're putting it, and how you're tracking it.

[01:10:16] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. So basically, now I'm building my subroast.com is going on 1 personal brand now because I'm teaching personal brands gonna be my next workshop. And I'm like, well, I am a personal brand, so now I'm just changing it back to subrice.com, which is cool. It's been many iterations over those years. And now what I'm doing is I'm gonna put a lead generator page on there, so it will basically say, join the list, watch the video.

[01:10:45] Sue Bryce |  I'm gonna be really direct. I'm not gonna be like, mucking around. I'm not wasting my time, like, Oh, we're gonna I just like, give me your email, dude. Like, you want news, you want stuff, email. Like, I don't, like, pretty that up.

[01:10:59] Sue Bryce |  I don't need to. So it's basically going to say the title. So what I have done was let me tell you the talk that I've created, and you can tell me which one you would be the most interested in clicking. How I made a $1,000,000? How I saved a $1,000,000?

[01:11:17] Sue Bryce |  This is the first one. Okay. So if you came to a lead generator page, new to superice.com, want a taste of sue, choose a video to watch, and there's a title and a description, but there's 3 different videos to watch. And the first one is how I made a $1,000,000, how I saved a $1,000,000, because I think that's a really interesting story. The second one would be how I created a $1,000,000 brand, how I created a $10,000,000 brand, because that's a cool story.

[01:11:47] Sue Bryce |  And then the third one would be, oh, I didn't wanna go and think what was my third one? My third one was how to become self employed? Alright. So if you saw those 3 titles with good descriptions,

[01:12:10] Audience Member |  which one would you be drawn to like, oh, I'm gonna watch

[01:12:10] Sue Bryce |  her talk about this. And my description is for the people. Not about me. So it's like if you want to know the fifteen steps you have to take to

[01:12:24] Audience Member |  start a business, watch this video, like I'll be

[01:12:24] Sue Bryce |  really clear on the for you, what this is. Now instantly, I went and told a few people that I'm doing lead generators. I reckon I'm gonna get some big track on lead generators. We're still converting all of our sales on email that tells me people want lead generation. I've been behind a paywall, for the last 8 years, and I don't give away a lot of content on social media, so that tells me I'm the perfect lead generator, they're gonna watch my video, feel me, I'm not a hard seller, I soft sell, connect, and give lots of information.

[01:13:00] Sue Bryce |  You watch this to convert to numbers. So I started to tell the boys. These are the videos I wanna do. I'm gonna do 1,000,000, saved a 1,000,000, I'm gonna do 2, 1,000,000, 10,000,000, and then I'm gonna do a start up business. And they were all like, oh, they're a bit clickbaity.

[01:13:14] Sue Bryce |  And I was like, yeah, intentionally clickbaity. I was like, I have to, in one title and one short description give you enough information to

[01:13:23] Audience Member |  make you want to start watching

[01:13:23] Sue Bryce |  that video, but in the first three minutes, if I can't keep them in there. That's on me, so I'm gonna make sure that those videos are so filled with wonderful information, and that they endear you to me as your instructor. At the end of the SPE lead gen, I just did after I walked people through all the verticals of starting a business I said, I bet you didn't think you were gonna be doing all of that. I bet you thought you just wanted to be an artist, an artist, and you can be just an artist I say, but then somebody else has to build all of these systems around you. And I said, and now you understand and I say that at the end.

[01:14:01] Sue Bryce |  And then instead of, like, going, you should join or doing a sales pitch, I did the and if you want to do work through all of those verticals and build a profitable, sustainable business, I'm your coach. I have the platform and the library. Welcome. All the information you need about this platform is on this post. I said, I just gave you all the reasons, all the ways to build a business around you.

[01:14:28] Sue Bryce |  So that to me was I gave lots of con of lots of content, lots of meat and veg. And then I simply said, I've got your email now. If you wanna join this coaching, I'm your girl. What else do I need to do? If I'm trying to sell it at that point, I haven't put good enough content, my lead gen.

[01:14:50] Sue Bryce |  So it's gonna be, page, and that page, which would be an easy code for WIP or any other website would be an email window that comes up that's basically put in your email in order to watch this video. Yeah. I'm gonna do it. Totally agree with not telling anyone your plan. No.

[01:15:11] Sue Bryce |  Not telling anyone your vision. But what you need to do is market research and have people fill out a questionnaire, but what if you need to do market research? Well, you're going to do market research and have people fill out a survey because that's private, and that's still not So but you've got to build a list in order to get them to fill out your survey, because then you can email them your list. When you started doing in person workshops, the little things you wish you did better, or do they just take time of practice? I wish I'd done everything better, but that's how you learn doing it.

[01:15:43] Sue Bryce |  And that's what makes you resilient, I think. To speak as at portraitmasters get a run through on stage first, no, they do not. But the speakers of portrait masters get a pre call with me where I choose them to be on the stage. They do a content call, then they do a content called directly with me, where I they basically present to me on the phone, and I watch their energy, and then I'm like, this is with, this is what you're talking about. And then I developed their energy around the content, and then before they walk on stage, the last person they see is me.

[01:16:19] Sue Bryce |  So most people, when they're standing out the back, are like, And they look so terrified. It's so cute. And I just I just wanna like bottle that and show them afterwards, because everyone just looks like they're having an outer body experience. There's a moment It's Leslie. I don't know if Leslie's on here, Leslie Andrews.

[01:16:40] Sue Bryce |  When her first TPM, one of the tech boys, I stayed away from Leslie, because I was like, I'm gonna make her so nervous. I'm gonna stay away, and I'm not gonna walk up to her until afterwards. So she was standing at the back, and she was waiting by the stage, and she was so ready for one of the tick boys I am me and said, I don't think she's gonna walk on the stage. And I said, she will, she's ready, just watch. And they were like, are you good to go?

[01:17:07] Sue Bryce |  And she's they said she just turned around and went. And then just stepped up on stage and smiled. And I said, Oh, no. She was just processing. Lizzie, and afterwards, I was like, were you terrified?

[01:17:18] Sue Bryce |  She said, I don't know what I was. I was just standing there, like, going, why am I doing this? I could see the stage. I could see the people. I was just like, And then they're like, go.

[01:17:29] Sue Bryce |  And I just went, and I just went. And I was like, yeah, that's the moment. Like, it's so funny watching people get caught in the headlights. So you've really gotta, I think, just make just keep saying it in the mirror, just keep practicing, keep recording it. Do you just love creating these features?

[01:17:45] Sue Bryce |  I do. I love creating talks. I love creating the homework for last night. I set up till 10 o'clock last night, writing linear order changing slides, adding things, thinking about all the points I wanna talk about, thinking about your questions from the group this week, I love content when it hits, I love content when it's interesting, I love content when it can be used, I love content when I can see systems in there, or when I work something out and it's just it's it's my wheelhouse. It's just curating content.

[01:18:15] Sue Bryce |  The stage is not my wheelhouse. The content is my wheel Can you speak to how you built such a great team? Well, like as a likeness, what can I say? I've always attracted beautiful people in my life, and I am very lucky for that, but I will say one thing. I'm very neurodiverse, and I'm all over the place.

[01:18:41] Sue Bryce |  So sometimes my staff would come in, and I'd go, today, we're going to the beach. You asked Jason and Caitlin, and they'd go, okay, I'll, just get my beach blanket out of the car and maybe some snacks. And I go, bring your laptop, we're just gonna go and work at the beach. The one thing I have, and the people around me, because everyone identifies that I have a great team, but the truth is, is that team choose the people that work with us because I've brought people into that team, that the rest of the team afterwards I thought they were a good fit, And I was like, what did you think? And then my team have gone?

[01:19:26] Sue Bryce |  And I was just like, okay, not a fit. So everybody fits together. But here's the one thing you're gonna understand about all the people in my life and my team. They are the most consistent people you will ever meet in your life. Alice is Alice every time.

[01:19:42] Sue Bryce |  Jocelyn is Jason, Nicky is Nicky. Callan is Kellan, Sierra Sierra, they're not different people. They don't come in over here one day, and over here one day, that's me. I'm the crazy in the room, they are the most consistently grounded humans, and none of them require anything from me, and none of them ask me for anything, but they try and give them everything because they save it.

[01:20:11] Audience Member |  Yeah. I've got a question for you, Sue. Can you talk to us a little bit about the considerations you made? About what you were gonna communicate when you first created your email list.

[01:20:27] Sue Bryce |  Yes. So I do my have always done my list a little bit differently. I had a private group. So what I was communicating in my private group, I would have been communicating to my list group. And my private group was so curated that all I was doing was answering questions and then coming up with solutions.

[01:20:50] Sue Bryce |  And when I saw all of you guys building businesses around the world, I would watch you all get stuck on the same things, so I would just create more content around what you needed and what you needed and what you needed, but mostly people wanted to be seen and heard in a newsletter is very one way. That's what I like. The blog better than the newsletter because they could comment on the blog, and I could respond to their comment whereas a newsletter if they emailed you back, nobody else can read that comment. I've always worked under a something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue. That was always my joke on social, something old, meaning something from the past, something new is something I'm working on right now, something borrowed as inspiration or, you know, like, just sort of highlighting some another artist, and then something blue with something emotion and connect it, and I'd always sort of rotate with those themes.

[01:21:49] Sue Bryce |  But what you really have to do is so if you're a say, and I'll use photographer as an example, I know we don't have we have people in here that are not photographers, and they keep using photography, but it's because it's where I came from. Let's say you're a photographer and you photography clients, that list is gonna be different than your clients that are buying photo content. So if you've got for photographers on your website, that's 2 different lists. And that's okay. You're identifying one is for clients, and one is for photographers.

[01:22:22] Sue Bryce |  One is for clients, one is for designers, one is for, you know, it's like, it's okay to have more than one list. Can you do lead Captur on Instagram? If I'm hearing correctly, make your video on Vimeo YouTube then share that on IG posting stories, but IG posting stories are small, unless you go live, and then you can go up to an hour, but can you go up to an hour with less than ten thousand people or just more? Because they know once you cross 10,000 followers, you can't change your name, and you can't, go you can go longer on the live. But a reel is only 90 seconds, so, yeah, you can lead capture on a live on, think as long as, and a lead capture is what, a call to action at the end, which is really just sign up for my list now.

[01:23:11] Sue Bryce |  So you could. It would just be a short form. And you wouldn't be getting the email for it. I'm wondering, I think Instagram had the ability now to choose who watches something. So yeah, you're probably the same way you could do it behind the paywall on Vimeo and YouTube.

[01:23:28] Sue Bryce |  I'm pretty sure Instagram can do behind the paywall for Instagram videos. Are you done doing in person workshops in Europe? I missed you last year in Italy but joining, oh, you gotta love it. You will love it with Terry and Carmery. They are incredible.

[01:23:49] Sue Bryce |  Also, they are both insane photographers. You don't realize it. Until you get around them, watching those 2 shoot made me want to pick up a camera again. I was like, when they're so fresh with shooting. See, I've stopped I've lost my love of shooting, like it just doesn't just doesn't feel my boots like it used to.

[01:24:11] Sue Bryce |  So teaching it, I'm like, man, I'm glad you're having a good time, but I'd rather teach you how to make money. And whereas they're still really in love with shooting, so really cool to be around photographers that are really good tutors and that really love it, but we had a blast. It's an incredible experience, right? With nothing like it, the food, I thought I might go every 2nd year, but I'll see how I go. It's just a very big trip for me, and I have a little old dog.

[01:24:39] Audience Member |  Yeah.

[01:24:40] Sue Bryce |  How do you transition members from the private group to the platform community? Just close it? Yes. Yeah. You do.

[01:24:47] Sue Bryce |  You just have to you have to draw a line in the sand. Trust me, there will be a coup d'etat, a big could, like, people get, you're taking something away from me. I'm sure you can post a real in, school Absolutely. You can you can post still, so I'm sure you can post it real. Greffy Castle is pure magic.

[01:25:07] Sue Bryce |  I agree, Dorena is absolutely amazing. Any more questions? Cause I've got 5 minutes left.

[01:25:11] Audience Member |  There was a question a bit ago about how do you create a speaker rail if you haven't spoken yet?

[01:25:16] Sue Bryce |  Yes. So you're going to get somebody to film you on a background, or you're gonna film yourself on a background, or you're going to set up like a mic, like zoom, record yourself onto quick time. Okay. Get this. Next week, you're gonna see my at home setup.

[01:25:35] Sue Bryce |  You're also gonna see my DIY setup, and then you're going to see me make it real. And then after that, you're going to see me go to my DIY home studio, and then you're going to see the setup here and the difference between the 3. What's so incredible is if I got my phone mounted, like, sorry, if I got my camera mounted my DSLR, and I put it into my laptop with that 1 little $20 adapter that I showed you on Instagram, then I have a microphone also going into my laptop, I can open quick time, film myself in high definition, with sound edited in like that, and all I have to do is edit out the bumper at the front or back, and I have a full speaker clip. Now, if I was, maybe you set it up like this, you make it look like you're being interviewed for a podcast, okay, in question is on there and you're answering questions, or maybe somebody else's voice at the beginning of the video goes, so could you walk us through what you think the 8 big verticals of a personal brand are in 5 minutes, and I would just be like, I'm glad you asked, Bob, For me, I find brand is number 1, and then I rip through that.

[01:26:52] Sue Bryce |  Maybe it's just like you speaking like you're on a podcast. Get on a podcast, start getting on more podcasts, start doing live coaching, where you're presenting to people, where you're the presenter, and you're recording that screen, because then that is a speaker reel. At first, you're gonna start there, and then you're gonna get events. And when you get events, it's anyone in the room has got to give you content, including the audio at the back of the room. It and then you just start.

[01:27:20] Sue Bryce |  Yeah. We'll be, will there be a shopping list for the equipment? I don't know how many times I'm gonna say this in my lifetime, but do you really need to buy anything? If you have a phone and a phone mic and you have a DSLR, and you need maybe that adapted to your laptop, other than a good microphone, what are we spending money on? Why are we spending money?

[01:27:51] Sue Bryce |  Cause everybody thinks if I just buy everything that Sue has, I will do everything that Sue does. Well, I told everybody last year, don't buy this sound board, don't buy this ATM. It's changing so fast. Guess what? I saw eight people in our group buy them, 1500 bucks, and they're irrelevant now no one uses them.

[01:28:10] Sue Bryce |  And I'm just like, oh, please trust me. Make your own backdrop, make your own set, get a good microphone. If you have a digital SLR, it upgrades your video Melissa is a producer, not a photographer, although she's now producing a lot of video, she's getting really good at, like, doing video production, which is hilarious, but I gave her my mark 4. Alright, my canon mark 4 because I wasn't using it, and I've set it up the teleprompter at home so she can record all of her videos into her coaching through the mark 4 that goes, and then I taught her how to put it into her quick time, and how to hit record, and she's got also a really good podcast, Mike, so I gave her those tiles, and she's made her own wall, now she is an at home studio, and, you know, even though she's not a photographer, she's still operating at the middle level package, which is a digital s allow most of you have.

[01:29:07] Audience Member |  And if I can do it, you can 1000% do it. That is true.

[01:29:13] Sue Bryce |  That is true. How would you use a podcast appearance without saying I'm on a podcast? They film it, they film the video because it's always done on zoom, So if they don't, you can ask, is it okay if I screenshot this so I can use the audio as a reel on my Instagram? The same way TPM showcase, podcasts when they have that sound thing going. There's so many beautiful little options.

[01:29:37] Sue Bryce |  Be creative. Have fun. You only need to be on zoom if you are linking to people All of your recording can be done on quick time on your laptop. It's so incredible that one little $20 adat from my DSLR to my camera, and then that one little podcast mic, both going in being recorded, and all I have to do when I open quick time is on the circle, there's a little drop down, click on it, and it says, which camera and you go sure, Mike, and then you go Canon camera and you make sure you're getting the feed from your main camera with your feed from your, microphone, and then they're both being recorded at high definition through your quick time. The second you stop the recording, the video populates.

[01:30:31] Sue Bryce |  I've spoken on there for 48 minutes, like, fully done a whole class, stopped it, and it populates instantly. And then I've sent it to my editor in under a minute quick time, and it's a free program on your computer Yes, you need good lights, but, oh my gosh, you have access to godlight. Get close to the window, my friend, put a reflector on either side of you. Go to the light. That's all you need to do.

[01:30:59] Sue Bryce |  Do you need expensive, amateur lights? No. Do you need a ring light from Amazon? Maybe? Do you need a window?

[01:31:06] Sue Bryce |  Sure do. Okay. So what I really want you to really focus on is the content or the content the content, the content, the content, and all those other things, they're really simple. They really do just fall into place and, you know, just keep asking, those right questions. Alright.

[01:31:24] Sue Bryce |  No more questions. I'm going to see you next week because next week it's all about equipment, obviously there's lots more to talk about with marketing our classes and now that our beta testing is coming back, we're gonna have people that are like, what do we do with this? So it'll be a nice big coaching this week, and I'm very excited about that. So make sure you hit me up in schools if you need anything. I did a couple of posts and schools this week because I don't think I'm seeing everything.

[01:31:48] Sue Bryce |  So if you feel unseen, tag me. If you feel unseen, address it in yourself. It's a good life lesson, and Sue didn't answer my question. I was like, really? I got 700 questions don't take it personally.

[01:32:03] Sue Bryce |  It's not about you. I really am old, and I'm just trying to work it out. And mostly I can't see my computer because I've got glasses on. So, like, if you feel unseen, step up and put your hand up, if you feel unseen, make yourself sane. You're the only person that feels unseen, and you're the one doing that.

[01:32:21] Sue Bryce |  So I don't want to hear any squish squish, so you didn't answer my question. Bring my attention to your question Alright. Nice to see you all. Okay. What do you think?


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 5 Coaching ====
