Content Curator 3: The Bones | Sue Bryce Curation System


PERSONAL BRAND means we can create a brand, digital products, Merch, a platform, around our self and how I want. NO RULES


So, what does STAY in my lane mean?
Do you have to be THE expert… NO!
Do you have to be AN expert… YES!


Stay in your lane is a whole lot of GUT instinct… Am I on the right track?


Can you be on the right freeway but in the wrong lane? YES.
It’s also REALIZING that something I do really well and easily is valuable to someone else, so YES, it’s value, and when you feel that, that’s CLARITY.


When you can answer these questions with clarity or I say BOLDLY:


What is your level of knowledge and experience?
WHERE have you done 10,000 hours?
Who do you want to speak to? WHO is this for?
What Industry do you want to Coach, Teach, Empower, help?
What Demographic do you want to Coach, Teach, Empower? Why?
What area of Content is it Business / Personal Growth / Money / Entertainment / Mastery-Craft
What level of Content / Start up - Intermediate - Advanced? 


You don’t know what you know until you prepare to teach it…


Example: If I ask you a Question, can you…
1: Answer from Experience
2: Give clear details HOW you built it, grew it,
achieved it, overcame it.
3: Can you give me Steps to Action / How deep? Examples? Or even better Evidence.


Knowing that what PROBLEMS do you SOLVE?


So, what Questions are you being ASKED? 
What Questions Do you love to answer?
What are people asking YOU for?
What Products do you have? Do you have a Book? A Workshop? Do you Coach? What are you being asked?
Example: How did you build a business?
How did you make that? How can I learn this?


Let’s check in our Identity & Clarity. What Products most excite you? What Identity called you? What path do you want to unfold?


Did you feel a declaration coming on?
I am going to be a SPEAKER. I am going to be a PODCASTER. I am going to Write/Film + release an ONLINE WORKSHOP. I am a COACH/INSTRUCTOR.


Can you BE all of them? NO. Can you DO all of them? YES. So, which one really grabs you.


Did you CRY or tremor with excitement, did you levitate or did you get a throat punch from Self Doubt? What came up?


IF there is any imposter syndrome around choosing the path to unfold, then you’re still haven’t found your value and connection yet. CLARITY.


When I say your superpower is RIGHT in front of you, I mean it’s literally your field of genius.


Who am I to become this thing? YOU already are this thing; now you’re just making systems or products that share them.


I love this quote: I could not find the original source.
WHEN YOUR STORY IS THE MARKETING, ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS LIVE. THE BEST ARTISTS AND ENTREPRENEURS FIGURE THIS
OUT, AND ESSENTIALLY HACK THE UNIVERSE. THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY’RE DOING A MILLION THINGS,BUT REALLY THEY’RE DOING ONE. THEY’RE MAKING ART, AND LIVING INSIDE THEIR WORK. THEY NEVER TURN OFF, BECAUSE THERE’S NOWHERE ELSE TO GO.


LET’S DEVELOP CONTENT.


I asked you to do your Timelines. WHAT WAS your light bulb? What timelines were easy, which ones did you get stuck on, which ones gave you JOY?


Did you identify your breakthrough stories, and if there was growth in Mindset and Focus or Business or Income on your timeline, Why? How?


It’s in WALKING through these steps that you find your stories.


Maybe you were Starting a business with challenges, no money or while Employed full time… Were you Unsupported / Uneducated? Over-supported / Over Educated and still couldn’t find your value?”




“I have been teaching for 14 years, and the biggest questions are: HOW did you do that? And how long did that take?


The main categories to teach, speak, instruct, connect, coach, write, make products, and create systems around are: Business, Mastery, Personal Growth, and Money. Your subject will connect to one of those.


Because everyone pays to upgrade their life, upgrade their business, their lifestyle, their income, their confidence, and their value. It’s THAT SIMPLE.


Business Timeline: How did you build that, and how long did it take to build that, and what steps did you take.


Timeline for Mastery: How did you Master that?
Timeline for Self Development / Personal Growth: How did you change that?
Timeline for Money: How did you MAKE that, and how long did it take to MAKE that, and what steps did you take.


When you give people steps, you see where they get stuck on the climb. Some climb faster. If your steps are too big, you can see and correct; this is what makes my content quantifiable, especially online.


When you give people quantifiable steps and a rewarding timeline, people are unstoppable.


Business lights up for me first. I love to teach Business, so my focus, my BUSINESS is my main timeline.
TELL ME WHY?


My lights come on around my most transformational lived experience, and that was bootstrapping a garage studio into an annual income of $1m in 5 years with no money and no education. My greatest shame became my greatest purpose. That’s my WHY! That’s my TedTalk.


This is my content path: I teach step by step how I built a business in my garage with NOTHING and built up to a $1m income and then how I scaled up and out of that business to create a personal income of $1m. So Business is the main timeline, but my Money timeline, my self-growth timeline, my mastery timeline, Confidence, and Systems timelines are all woven onto the main timeline. That’s my foundation.


When I teach money, Money becomes the main timeline.


When I teach Self Development…
When I teach Craft/Mastery…


I teach what I know, I know how to build something from nothing and give it value. Stand out as being very good at this one thing instead of trying to do everything.


FIND your one thing!


We are not making products just yet; we’re creating the BONES ❤️.


The RULES: Pad, Pen, Handwriting. YOU are not making a product just yet; you are simply choosing a subject. No pressure, no tearing up the page, only flow. Save them. If you feel stuck, walk away; you’re focused on the wrong thing. There is no right and wrong; there is only creative flow.


LISTS: Let it grow. Brain dump. Start again; let it get distracted, branch off, grow many paths. Write 100 different lists!


I dare you. Come back to the ones that light you up; keep the others in a pile. You will revisit them. Don’t compare. Don’t judge. Just feel and flow.


RELAX: It’s NOT being carved in stone; it’s simply out of your head and in front of you. Have fun, play PRETEND, visit the Multiverse. Read it out loud to the mirror. Get over yourself; you’re not that important; you’re here to CREATE; that’s not stressful, that’s MAGIC, Make magic.


How do you feel when you look at it? Excited, Frustrated? Become aware of when you feel ignited; follow it.


Build your Story up with facts! You don’t need to FLUFF up anything like a Resume; it’s about realizing that every step that you took to grow is the extraordinary part, not WHAT you accomplished.”


“It’s not about having the biggest accomplishment list. I’m not asking you to write pretty marketing words. I’m telling you that when I speak to an audience of people who want to be self-employed, I outline the simple steps I took.


99% are paralyzed or avoiding, and I took action. That’s what everyone wants: the next step.


Focus on seeing the steps you walked. See them as steps to action because that’s exactly what they were. These steps, if they light you up, are the path to the content you have building inside you. That’s what we will expand.


These are achievements. Systems developed, built. Learning through to mastery. Next-level growth. Breaking through blocks. Any growth that is relevant to that timeline. Facts, numbers, dates, data.


Choose a subject. Be specific.
Example:
Business. Do one for business.
Be more specific / Start-up business. Do one for start-up business.
Be more specific. Business start-up for creatives.


Subject: Date: Draft:


20 bullets. The 20 most important things I want to say about this subject.


Replace any? Make them stronger.
In linear flow, put them in order of next steps.


Anything missing? More clarity connection.
Plump up the content / What verticals are growing?


Amalgamate similar content + Combine.


Categorize. What categories do you see? Overarching themes/systems.


Trim/condense/refine.
Repeat: I bullet pointed everything I can teach under the title business. I then bullet pointed every step I learned in order of priority.


I did the same for the craft of photography. I bullet pointed how I learned and applied each step of my craft and in what priority and why, then the evolution of all those systems.
Repeat until you feel certainty conviction connection and clarity.


Get clarity on what you know and what you’re most excited to teach.


        •        Arrange your bullets step by step in natural order for flow
        •        Eliminate any weak areas and any subjects you have no excitement to teach.


The bones.
Once the bones are locked in.


Is it a segment to a workshop or video series? Is it book chapters? Is it slides to a keynote? Is it a class? Is it a series of classes?
Is it a digital product? Is it a coaching track?
Because it’s all of those things.


But before we do that, let’s take it one more step and see the depth.
Flip bullets and
grow verticals.
Flip your bullets to titles.
Plump verticals.
Branches grow.
Verticals deepen.
Shorter content can be integrated or plumped.
Trim/refine.


I really integrate the four areas of business, personal growth, money, and mastery.


1. Mastery / Skill or Craft
2. Self Development
3. Business
4. Money 


I teach the steps to self-value no different than I teach building a business step by step. In fact, I love to teach them in parallel because I believe they’re mutually dependent on your growth, success, and ability to make money.
I connected a huge amount of content around building my business and the fear I had to conquer to do that. I simply identified the same fear everyone feels and how to take action with it because that’s what I did.


Then I broke down the steps I took to get there.


I love curating content for start-up business, creatives in business, solo-preneurs, and teaching them to create and monetize abundantly.


Because that was me! This lights me up!


How do I teach what I know?
It’s not what you know,
It’s what you did + how you did it.


Show, don’t tell.


Let’s find your bones.”