Content Curator 4: Master the art of Content + Time
all content is created around time structure.


To MAKE a Product
BONES Clarity


Business / Money / 
Personal Growth / 
Mastery / Entertainment


The BONES 20 POWERFUL bullets
Is it segments to a workshop or 
Videos in a video series? 
Is it book chapters? 
Is it slides to a keynote? 
Is it a class? Is it a series of classes?
Is it a digital product? 
Is it a coaching track?


Because it’s all of those things.
EVERY Bullet can be a stand alone presentation


Time plates TEMPLATES


The structure for video is timing around consumption. 


You use time in your marketing. You use time in your presentations, you use time in your coaching systems. 
You use time in value: Over 100 videos or the opposite easy to access short powerful videos


VIDEO content
1 - 3 min Reel / Brand Story
1 - 10 min Promo Sales Video 
10 - 13 min Perfect Ted Talk
10 - 20 min Tutorial, Lead Capture, Intro or Bonus video
20 - 45 min Craft instruction Demo Product video
60 - 90 Keynote/Workshop/Coaching


What was YOUR subject!!!!
SUBJECT: ________________


Business / Money  
Personal Growth / Mastery  Entertainment 


The BONES 10-30 POWERFUL bullets
If it’s a Workshop: I day workshop is 4 x 90 min Keynotes. 4 segments per day flip to title your segments.


Grow your VERTICALS
3 day workshop is 12 x 90 min Keynotes/Segments


If they are Videos for a video series: FLIP your Bullets to Titles. Verticals. Descriptions.
Is it a coaching track: FLIP your Bullets to Titles. Verticals. Descriptions.
(SAME STEP with Coaching one on one or group in person or online)


Is it book chapters? FLIP your Bullets to (Titles) Chapters - Write your verticals. 
Is it a digital product? Write it, Design it, Edit it (Make sure you own it) Descriptions.


Is it slides to a keynote? 
Is it a class, a craft you want to demonstrate? Is it a series of classes?


Coaching Series 1 on 1 or Group for HOW LONG
28 days 12 weeks 12 months






A 90 min video can be broken up into 3 x 30 min presentations for online consumption but in person this is a keynote presentation. 


It is the length of a play or movie, it is a stand up comedy special. 


Can you hold a room for 90 minutes on this subject?


20 Bullets 60 - 90 min Keynote 3 - 4.5 minutes per slide








This is the BONES on my business class 
Subject: Building a Personal Brand
Chicken scratch/Brain dump
See the flow see the systems 
A list of 96 steps
Plump it up
Amalgamate/ See themes/categories 
Trim it down - Cut the fluff


As I started to develop the list I can see verticals forming so I flip my titles
then as I simplify the flow and walk through the process over and over I see systems
At first there is 18 Verticals then 12 and then 8 EIGHT big solid verticals the foundations of a business


FIND YOUR VALUE Know your story to know your value


When you grow you find Ego over inflated / FEAR / what if… SELF DOUBT Comparison ME ME ME
You can leave all that at the door of the CREATOR ROOM


When I started to teach I went to the creator room with my paper and ink and I said well if I'm going to teach how I did this I need to know how I did this and I started writing out my timeline and my bullets


I saw that story unfold visually in front of me MY STORY my time line of Becoming Self Employed + Building that Garage business with nothing. 


I realized what I had achieved. On my timeline I saw the moment I realized I couldn’t sell my work and ASK FOR MONEY uh the GUILT AND SHAME it felt like burning in my gut I remembered the cotton mouth I saw the moment I had to confront that in myself and how I did it. 


That was such a BIG lesson for me and because of that I have so much experience so much joy so much connection to money growth and monetizing people that I have to teach it. I learned how to fish. I want others to learn how to fish. I grew up working class and didn't finish high school what chance did I have of making a million dollars.


Learning to VALUE + Price Myself my TIME + my CRAFT was monumental it changed my life forever and I see thousands of start up creatives struggling to do this IF YOU HAVE mastered this you are ahead of 95% of the field, free as many people as you can show people how to value themselves. 


Learning to Ask for work, ask for money owed, be the face of my business, Sell myself, Sell my craft, Make products, be sustainable, Build a Brand, Market myself. . . Ask for money, manage money, keep money, grow money. Be a boss, Work life Balance, BURNOUT is eminent (Stop being People Pleaser) Set expectations - follow through, Set boundaries - follow through, Learn how to Scale up and scale down, build systems, bookkeeping, insurances, taxes, Pricing and Profit, COGS packaging, manufacturing, production, customer service, sales, marketing, networking, SEO . . .  I could keep going 
WAIT I did all those things and more / Can you see all of these are great education tracks when you realize you’ve done all this and now people need help to take these steps, DO YOU UNDERSTAND your value.
I don’t need an education to make millions of dollars and to teach and empower people 
I mastered those things and NO-one can take mastery away from you.
If you cant see your value then how will anyone else.
Spend time here in every step of growth and achievement.
REMINDER: Your story your timelines are not a presentation it’s a database of information to see what you have experienced, learned, overcome and its a treasure Map for your students. 


There is NO BOX anymore. Create the Brand that you want to create.


There are no rules anymore: create the Workshop that you always wanted to take! 


Create the business you always dreamed of and show up to every day.  Make that content, that class, that ebook, that coaching track, or that presentation. 


GROWING VERTICALS - RATE TIME
How Long Can I talk about this?
The verticals keep growing
Pick a SUBJECT how many bullet points can you add to this vertical?


Growing VERTICALS / 28 DAYS
28 Days with Sue Bryce. 
This is a 28 x 60 min Video series with a 
downloadable Workbook. 
Delivered Everyday as Challenges
50% of my revenue on CL is from this class.


I don't say “I am going to write a 28 Video Series!”
I wrote The Steps to Take to Master your Craft. After I taught 3 People to Master that Craft. There were 28 Steps. I could speak for 60 minutes On each step.


28 Bullet Points - Become 28 Headings and my verticals started to build


28 Days Is my first Bullet Time List of 
HOW I trained 3 Photographers in 28 Days.


The 12 Week Start up 
Is the FLIP BULLET of 28 Days. 
Listen. Develop. Grow. 


My Education Platform SBE is the VERTICAL growth of that Content. 


IF you are overwhelmed you are trying to take too many steps 
BREAK it down.  IT STARTS with 
ONE Subject + ONE Product
ONE Subject + ONE Talk 
ONE Subject + ONE Class
WHAT IS YOUR ONE SUBJECT your first subject your most important?
WHAT IS YOUR FIRST PRODUCT?


IF you feel disconnected to the content 
IF you’re trying to CREATE with others and there's too much indecisiveness
Check in that you're in alignment.


The heart narrative is the part that connects us to what we create and people that will be attracted to that story/energy
The stronger YOUR connection to the CONTENT the more CONNECTED is the following you attract!
Just because it’s called a Heart Narrative does not mean this is emotional crying content. Passion, Enthusiasm and Action have as much power as tears, so does laughter it’s AUTHENTICITY you can feel connection.
I WEAVE A NARRATIVE What I did - How I did it - And How you can too! Through these Steps. 


I am talking about me in relation to the steps you are taking. It’s about me . . . 
but really it’s about YOU or it’s about me . . .  but it’s for you. It's about ME and what I can do for you. 


GOLDEN Rule: People are Selfish
Remember this when you feel insecure (It’s not about you)
You are not here to get validation - You are here to GIVE a service of value.


You are here to serve and receive equal value. 
I am telling you MY story as I give YOU the steps to take to write your own story. 


I give MANY OPTIONS to step forward. How I did it, how I watched her do it, how I coached him to do it, how it worked for her but not for me.


I build content in Bullet Points. I teach content in Bullet Points.
These are Steps to Action and are direct, simple, and powerful. 
And when people start actually taking the steps and you see them start to create, it’s exhilarating. 


Reminder to you: The synonyms for MANIFEST
Confirm Declare Demonstrate & Embody
Confirm it that’s CLARITY YOU gotta See it 
Declare it CLAIM IT 
YOU gotta FEEL it 
Demonstrate that you actually have to DO IT.  Take that scary step. 
Embody it. BE IT. Become this, LIVE this.


Let's talk more about Content packaging and Time structure 
Titles and Descriptions make a class SIMPLIFY


 


Because on stage I have the most to give.
INTENTION 2012 CL mantra
I am not here to make people like me, some wont. I am not here to make people like my work, some wont. I am here to tell people how I do what do why I love it so much and how I make money doing it.
I give actionable steps to people and options to move forward on their own path. If they never connect with me as an educator again I am grateful for their presence in that room and my intention is they leave INSPIRED. 
For everyone else in the room that is taking notes faster than humanly possible, has light bulbs going off, is making heart connections with my story. Crying, laughing They are my people, and I just gave them 20 solid reasons to sign up with me. 


I just proved I not only know how to walk those steps I did it and they can too all they want is MORE of ME.
Connect
Do Not Sell from the Stage. YOU DONT NEED TO… SHOW dont tell.
When you teach people you hear WHY? Not just the Simon Sinek What’s your WHY . . But more like a 3 Year old. Why?


I am Always Teaching, Always building value. I am ALWAYS Explaining WHY. Why this works, why I take the next step like this. 
Why I’m asking you to focus here and why I am asking you to do this!


In my Portrait Business I was ALWAYS Educating my Clients, Communicating WHY Do this. In our marketing it’s 
WHY it’s VALUABLE. 






So EVERYTHING you create ASK WHY?
Why Write this Content, Why Buy this Content.
Why is HOW we communicate VALUE
Why is how we market


FIRST Is it YOURS?
Is it Interesting? Why
Is it Educational? Why
Is it Entertaining? Why
Is it Engaging? Why
Is it Empowering? Why






IT STARTS with ONE
ONE Subject + ONE Product
ONE Subject + ONE Talk 
ONE Subject + ONE Class