==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 07 - Take a Knee ====

I guess when I was learning, that was the question I asked. Why is this happening to me? And then what am I learning from it? So now I don't ask why? I ask what?

And so when I feel somebody gives me pain or there's a lesson there or it's an instant, oh, that's not good or it's criticism it's trolling online, or it's rejection, or I didn't get a sale, or I get hit with money, or I get hit with a client or a complaint, or something hurts me. When something hurts me in my life and my business, the first question I ask is what what? Is this showing me. And whether that's in my relationships and my, love relationship and my family relationships, what is this showing me? Because if you're disrespecting me, I'm not respecting myself enough.

If you're not loving me, I'm not loving myself enough. If you're not if I'm not feeling your love, I'm not giving love. I now have turned everything I experienced back to what I'm seeing in myself. The hard part is accepting it without judging it. The hard part is to accept the pain into your body say right now I feel like I'm not loving myself enough and it has been showing in all of my relationships and my income.

I feel like I'm not valuing myself enough. My business is suffering and I'm not making money. I am clearly not valuing my work, my time, my service, and what I'm giving. The trick then is to go and start to value it. Every single day, daily practice is to get up and say, I need to value myself.

I need to value what I'm doing. I need to value what I'm saying, how I'm saying it, how I'm working, how I'm selling, how I'm receiving money, and it will start to flow at me. But the second you stop valuing yourself, it's gonna show up in your body, it's gonna show up in your income, it's gonna show up in your relationships, and it's gonna show up in your pain, and it's gonna show up in your illness. The second. So this is where you need to stop and start doing what you're not getting.

Because it's not what happens to you. It's how you think about it, what you change. It's the choice and the decision you make in that moment. 90 seconds. You've got 90 seconds to deal with it.

Open the door. Because if you can open that door and let that emotion in, I'm telling you right now everything that you will experience after that will be better for you. Take a knee. I love this. This comes from a Will Smith movie, and I love it.

The moment that I first ever heard him say this, I watched this movie five times. He's such a hard, a leader and father in this movie, but he's teaching his son to calm down for a moment, and I have not found anything better that describes this moment. Take a knee. Rute yourself in the present moment. In the present moment, not the past, not the future, not something you're terrified of, not something that's not happening, not something that is no longer happening, root yourself in the present moment, sight, sound, smell.

What do you feel? This is alluding all of your senses right now to the now, not to the cookies, not to the bottle of vodka, you know, not to not to anything that's outside of you right now, take a knee and breathe. What do you see here feel What do you feel? Read. Recognize your power.

Recognize your power. This will be your creation. And you've got a lot of choices in this moment. Maybe in that moment, you connect to god. Maybe it's prayer or meditation.

Maybe in that moment, you need to call a friend or go and write it down. Maybe you need to draw it. Maybe you just need to experience it in your body go away for 5 minutes of self soothing, but you are to breathe and stay present in that moment and allow the feeling to come up. And in that moment, it's going to show you something you do not like about yourself. And that moment is going to show you a that you do not like.

And if you start telling a story, let's say your story is I start saying, well, my dad left us when we're two years old, that's not now. Okay. That means you're distracting yourself with blaming your father for an emotion that you will not feel in this moment. And right now, the emotion that you feel on this moment is everything. So take a knee and just breathe it in taking these sight sound feel?

What do I feel? What do I hear? What is in my body right now? In my awareness? Acknowledge your power, breathe it in, know that you are safe, and that this the worst thing that can happen is this 90 seconds.

If you need to take 90 seconds in a bathroom cubicle, I suggest you go and take it. Just don't kneel on the floor. Maybe just take take a metaphoric knee because you don't want to really kneel on the public toilet floor. And then your your coworkers might think you're trying to look under the cubicle. So maybe just take a metaphorical ninety second toilet stop and breathe it in.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 07 - Take a Knee ====
