==== Start of Transcript: Money Mindset 01 ====

Hello, everybody. Tell me you can see me and if you can hear me, this is my very first live into selfvalue.com. I'm very, very excited to be here with you today. I'm not just needing my laptop. And I'm pretty sure I can't actually see the page, but I'm pretty sure they can, ask questions up under that chat, right?

I'm gonna just get in confirmation for that. And I mean, I'm just gonna get started because I'm kind of blind in this moment, so it's not like my normal chat screen. So If you wanna ask me questions, I can physically see the chat in front of me, so you can ask questions into this chat And I would love to see some comments if anybody can leave a comment. I just wanna see how they pop out. Oh, I can see that.

Nice. I'm just opening, the chat window so that I can see you all communicating. That makes life a lot easier. Yay, I can see common vacancy questions. Hi, Anna.

Alright. It's gonna be perfect. Hi, Linka. So I can see them as notifications. And can I get that to you?

Ah, that's cool. Alright. So hey, Aroha. The one thing that does happen is if the chat moves really quickly and I don't answer the question, remember you can drop the question in again, or if I didn't grab hold of the question, sometimes I'll just keep running with it. And you guys can just bring it back, or maybe the answer's already lined up and it's coming.

So I know it's coming, so I'll ignore it. But don't think if I don't answer something, you know, that I didn't want to or couldn't, because this can move really fast for me. I tend to speak very quickly, as you know, and I get very locked in. So if there's questions you wanna ask me, feel free to ask them, I will come back to them. There is a lot of homework today, and I'm gonna drop all of the homework questions into the community.

If you wanna take notes, you're gonna be writing really, really fast. Don't be too worried because I will drop the quiz into the chat this afternoon, and I'm going to make sure that you get all of this homework and that you do it because I wanna talk to you about it. That's very, very important to me. Welcome to self value money coaching. I actually made the self value label for this talk with the s being money.

And I absolutely love coaching money I have been coaching money for 13 years, and even though I've coached money in SBE to the photographers and business, I have never created money coaching separate from that that is just money coaching. So You have no idea how excited I am for this content and for this coaching. I'm gonna send out a survey Nikki and I are gonna send out a survey to you in the next 2 days. Okay? And I want you to fill out the survey.

It will be anonymous. It's so that you can be really honest about money without having your name attached to it so that I can see the results and really see where you're all at and what you really need. Mostly, I'm excited to send out the survey so I can send it a different one in 5 weeks time to see your progress over this money coaching because this money coaching works if you do the work. It's life changing. It is the most transformational work you will ever do because it's actually all about you, and you see the evidence start to show up, and also the evidence start to disappear really quickly in your money.

So get excited, I'm just gonna started, we've got a lot to talk about. The session might go for an hour a half, and you know me, maybe 2 hours. At the end, that video will stay up and you can rewatch it, but I can also take the recording of that video, break it down into smaller bites those chunks, and put it up in the couple of days. So I'll do both. Let's see how you go with writing your notes.

If you can stay with me on this coaching or you feel overwhelmed, or if it's just too much and you need to slow it down, that's okay. That's why we record them and that's why I've given you a lot of homework. So to live with self value, you must nurture self. It's all about you. It's about self care, self respect, self acceptance, I want you to embrace the power within you to make yourself a priority.

To make yourself a priority. To remember that you possess the same inherent rights as every person on this earth You are here to honor your dreams, empower yourself with your inner authority to stand up for yourself, to sit and demonstrate clear boundaries around who you are, and what you want, and what you are worth. That is how you command respect for yourself. So when I talk about self worth, I'm talking about you. Okay.

It's your self perception. It's your self care. How you present yourself how you care for yourself, all of this, your energy, your body image, your self perception. This includes your money flow. So let's just breathe for a moment and connect to this body.

Breathe in the nose. Slow it right down and just breathe out slowly. Let's connect to our bodies because we're just not connected to our bodies. We spend all this time obsessing about them, thinking about them, how I look, What I have, just remember, the human brain contrasts and compares everything. It's a survival technique how you look how they look, what you have, what they have, you're constantly contrasting and comparing.

This is just risk assessment and ego. It's your identity, it's how you know yourself, how I look, what I how I don't look actually is what I'm more obsessed about, what I don't have is always just comparing and competing with others. That is the world of emotion. The world of matter is things, things that you want, things that you buy, things that you own, things that you have, things that you don't have. Okay?

That energy is all emotion. We give things importance when we desire them and can experience them with joy, but things don't have meaning. It's the meaning we assign to them That is why we want things. That is why we suffer when we don't get what we want. So just remember as much as you hate on your body, Bodies don't make you happy.

How you feel about your body makes you happy, how you experience your body makes you happy. How you spend time in your body, how you spend time with your body makes you happy. How you care for yourself makes you happy, and you don't hate yourself or your body for that matter until you compare it to someone else's. It's how you see it. It's how you compare it to others.

It's how you reject it. Okay? You blame yourself, and you blame your body for not being good enough. But it's not your body. Your body is your most loyal follower.

It does everything you ask it to do. It starts right here. Everything we want in South Worth is built from acceptance. Acceptance of where you are right now because acceptance is love, and I don't just want you to accept it. I want you to love it, and I want you to worship this vessel, the south.

I want you to get to full acceptance of yourself, where you are at with money, where you're at with your physical journey, where you're at with your body language, sorry, your body image, that is all connected right now to your emotions, and I want you to come to acceptance with all of it. How can you feel worthy of asking for more? How can you feel worthy of asking for what you want, if you can't love and accept yourself, you have right now So we believe that if we had these things, we would love ourselves. That's not how it works. We get these things by loving and accepting ourselves, and then these things naturally come to us.

So to ask for more, you have to first believe that you are actually worth more. Things will not make you happy. No amount of things or being a bigger consumer. People always say I wanna be rich, why so they can consume more, so they can just become bigger, consume it. But the things you consume don't make you happy, how you feel about these things makes you happy, how you experience these things makes you happy, just like your body, how you use them, how you spend time with these things, how you share them with all the people you love, and how you value these things.

That's what makes you happy. When you think of something you desire, imagine this thing And now you have to sit with that thought, and I want you to feel what it would actually feel like to have it. Can you even imagine having it? Can you imagine it coming into your life? Can you see this new way, this new path, this future transformation coming into your life or are you blocking it already right now at the conceptual stage?

This is what I call walking the multiverse. Really what you're doing is you just walk the multibus of possibility so that you can feel Each path, feel yourself light up on each path, and actually feel an energy of desire, excitement, alignment, and that feeling of, I want this. This is what I want. Well, when you imagine having it, if you can feel any of those feelings, it's coming to you, the faster you can feel, the feeling of having it, the faster it is going to come to you. So the world of matter is ruled and governed by the world of emotion, and the world of emotion is what keeps us out of alignment.

We think of thought, I want this. The emotion might go to fear or resentment. You can't have that because poor me, a victim story, whatever that emotional response is to you thinking this thought or wanting this thing, that emotional response is what's going to kick you off the alignment train. Straight away, we are just trying to understand what is blocking us from having all of these wonderful things that we want. And that emotion is the first thing that's going to kick you off.

Alright. So you have to feel good about creating anything. If you're trying to create from a place of stress, or a place of trying to fix a problem. Like, if I start a business because I'm in debt, because I wanna pay off my debt, The bad part about that is I'm not gonna pay off my debt because I'm going to do with this new income, what I'm already doing with money, instead of feeling good about solving my problems and how I'm going to bring this money energy to me so I can fix it, and move forward on this path. Okay.

So you have to feel good about having it, and I want you to feel good about creating it. Feel good about asking for it. Feel worthy of asking for it. Feel good about wanting it. Feel good about allowing it.

Feel good about owning it. Feel good about getting it. Feel good about experiencing it. Feel good about sharing it. Who are you sharing it with?

What is the experience you're having with this thing? Can you feel it? Can you feel excited? Or do you just feel blocked? Do you just feel fear?

Do you just feel sick? Acknowledge every emotion that comes up around every question I ask you because every thought is just an idea manifesting and every response you have in this emotion that you're responding to is going to stop you from moving forward and keep you out of alignment This is where emotional mastery comes to the fore. This is when you truly see what you think and feel about something. And when you feel good about having it, when you feel good about creating it, That's when you're in love with your future. That's when you wake up in the morning in love with your future.

And if you're not in love, with your future, you're in lack with your future, and it is that simple you are trying to create from a place of lack instead of a place of connected, heart activation, and love, you have to feel it. That is what we call honoring your desire. That is what we walk that multiverse of possibilities I'm going to walk multiple parts, feel each one, and feel which one is right for me. So this alignment that I am talking about, this alignment to get more money into your life, for self value for you, It's only for you. Yes.

You can share your wealth with all the people you love. Yes, you can have incredible experiences by a beautiful home. You can create events where people eat with you, and they're joyful with you, they're having fun with you, but you cannot create alignment for anybody else. You cannot create wealth for anybody else. You cannot create value for anyone else.

If you're not doing this for you, you're out of alignment as to why you're here right now, and your people pleasing, trying to make everybody else's money world. This is all about you. If you get off track in this week, doing your homework, you've stopped making it about the alignment for you. If you're struggling to get into the alignment of what you want, it's because you're a people pleaser. I'm just gonna let that one sink in because it hurts.

I am a recovering people pleaser, I say that it's part of my 23 andMe. It's my DNA, but the truth is is that's not true. That's learned behavior. I was not born with being a people pleaser. Even though you can become a people pleaser just like your mom and dad or whoever your social curators were, the idea is when you can't answer the question, what do I want is because you are not in alignment with what you want and you're living everybody else's expectation, dreams, limits, rules, and they're not yours So part of this week is really unearthing what you want, and I need you to know this is not only about you, This is not about anybody else.

Nobody's blocking your alignment. If you believe somebody else is blocking your alignment, you're trying them into alignment, and you are out of alignment. Mirror, mirror. Okay. Get excited about that because trust me, this is for you.

Everything right now is for you. Yes. You can share it with whoever you want. If you're asking for you, you cannot manifest for somebody else. If you're asking for something that somebody else wants, it won't come to you, so you're only gonna get disappointed.

Now come to the alignment for money for self value for you. Oh, I know that there's a whole lot of people out there going, oh, I was really trying to make it somebody else, we learn that we can grow. We want everyone around us to grow. When we learn about the power of alignment, we want everyone around us to get into alignment. You are not here to align others.

You're not here to nurture others to fulfill their dreams. You are here to ask for and live yours. This is not about good or bad. There is no good or bad in self value. And creating more money for yourself.

Bad people make lots of money. The only metric that you ever have to look at is worthy worthless. And you're the only person to decide that metric for yourself. You have to be worthy or worthless to stand up and ask for what you want, and I'm going to teach you how to ask for what you want. Then I'm going to teach you how to get out of the way so it can come to you.

Look at my life. It works. Trust me, when it starts to come to you, you're the only one that can decide how much you are worthy of asking for. And if you are worthy of stepping up and asking for these things. Nobody can ask for you.

Nobody can do this for you just like you can't do it for anybody else. So if you truly believe that you are not worthy, then that is the first hurdle you have to do. Don't worry. I have homework for that. I'm going to teach you how to ask for what you want.

Now, I wanna make this very clear. I always start my workshop with a yoga, breath, reiki meditation. There is no religion, in self value, you bring your own faith to this work. So that first connected chakra, that first crown chakra that's connected to source, that's your faith. Whether that is god or Allah or the universe, that's okay.

Your faith and connection to your higher power is yours alone. You bring that and you bring you to this work And I'm going to teach you how to ask that source for what you want. Now you know I often talk about Mario Martinez and how he describes the 3 social wounds. The 3 social wounds that we carry, especially from childhood, and then growing up is shame the trail and abandonment. Those three social wounds can also be applied to your money energy now, because if somebody has shamed you, which the 2 energies that block money are guilt and shame, so most people In this group will have some form of shame around money, whether it's debt, whether it's growing up poor, Whether it's making a mistake with money, it doesn't matter.

It also doesn't matter if you're trying to grow money and there's shame. Like imagine that you're becoming wealthy, that your siblings are not, and then making you feel shame about being successful or having things So shame is one of the biggest energies and blockers of money, and we're gonna talk about how shame shows up in your life and in your money. Betrayal, you could definitely be stolen from. People can control and manipulate with money you can feel betrayed around money. The opposite energy to shame, by the way, is honoring.

Is honor to honor your wants to honor your desires, hence, or shame. You can't shame me. Excuse me. You can't shame me for making money because I grew up poor. So no amount of you telling me you should be ashamed of yourself.

How do you sleep at night? Or any of the shame that comes with being successful, I don't carry that. That's why I'm teaching money, that's why I have such an open dialogue with money, with all the people in my life. That's why everybody who's friends with me becomes wealthy, because I'm making sure that people are speaking their money on her into their life every single day. The opposite energy to shame is honor.

It's honoring you, honoring what you want, honoring your path, honoring your money, honoring your business, honoring your stuff, Oh, betrayal. The opposite energy is loyalty. And, you know, other people may have betrayed you when it comes to money, but you will now create a loyalty only to the self, because the opposite energy to betrayal is loyalty, And if you are loyal to the south and what you want and your desire in honoring yourself, then you can cancel out the trail. Also, we we don't forgive the perpetrator, but we forgive the wound. If you were betrayed, you need to forgive yourself for being betrayed.

Okay. Don't forgive them. You don't need to forgive anybody. You just let them be over there and then ask yourselves and you come back to healing. Abandonment people could leave you, leave you abandoned with no income, and and maybe even children.

People can take money. They can they can just they can die and leave you. You could be completely abandoned around money that opposing energy to abandonment is commitment So all those really horrible wounds we carry, the shame of becoming wealthy or the shame of being poor, the shame and, or the, the betrayal of people stealing from us or being betray or the abandonment leaves these huge wounds inside you, but when you look at the antonum, shame is honoring the south, the trailer's loyalty to the south abandonment is a commitment to me. Come on. It is time that you got some honor, some loyalty, and some commitment to what you want.

You need to know you are energy, you are the poison, you are the antidote, everything you think and say is vibrating out into this universe. I am energy. I'm a master creator. I'm a master creator in the positive and the negative. So are you.

You need to understand the law of attraction is always attracting. If you hold a negative focus, that's what you're attracting. If you hold a positive focus, that's what you're attracting. Let's connect this mind, body, and soul. Because everything you think has an emotional response.

You then become that energy you're seeing it, you're saying it, you're doing it, you're being it, you're looking for further proof, you're looking for evidence all around you. That's what's in the forefront of your mind that is the focus you currently have. That focus is manifesting. When it comes to the world of matter to asking for things, to creating things, you can ask for whatever you want but we are ruled by the world of emotion, remember, so if the emotion is not clear, it's gonna stop you from getting what you want. Getting what you want, any sustained focus is manifesting, any sustained focus, you can have a negative thought, like, what if I lose this money?

And that won't impact your bank account. How you respond to it might impact your bank account, but just having a thought. But if I woke up every day saying there's not enough, what if this money goes away? I'm so worried about this money, then I'm a sustained focus of power, and that is manifesting more of what I don't want at full power. You are at full power, even when you are negative.

You're at full power. Even when you don't feel it, you're just at full power with a negative focus. So any sustained focus is manifesting. That's enough to break you out of almost any mindset. It's just a frequency.

And remember, if you get stuck on a thought, you can change the thought And then the response, the emotional response to that thought changes because you're actively choosing not to believe the story, not to believe the words that are stuck in your head that you are now believing to be the truth. You don't need to believe your thought So what you're getting right now is what you're focused on. It's simple. How you feel about it determines the path when you understand that you are energy you cannot neglect or reject this beautiful body anymore. You're gonna start to see yourself as more and treat yourself as more and then you're going to start asking for more.

Because when you understand that you are energy, you are energy, everything you think is now creating your reality, you really change what you're focused on. When you are not walking your true path, when you're out of alignment, there is no heart activation. There's no connection and that means no alignment. The heart is a powerful magnet. It's a powerful magnetic force your goal is to get into heart alignment in all eight areas of your life.

Alignment is being in love with your future. I'm gonna break down all eight areas And yes, even though we're talking about money, your homework is to also assess where you feel the most empowered, disempowered in all eight areas. Because money, like I said, is really just a byproduct. It's a byproduct of how you're allowing yourself to be abundant in this world, and it's the first thing that puts up a flag is soon as I see all the blocks that start to come out here. So when you're not walking your true path, you are out of alignment.

When there's no connection, no hard activation, there's no powerful magnet. So I want you to get into alignment in love with your future in all of these areas of your life. When you our head and our hearts are in alignment and we fill this space with joy and value, you cannot live disconnected from this body, from this energy within you. It's not possible, too. When you're stuck in a loop, stuck in the mind trap, you feel stuck, you feel trapped, energy gets trapped in your body and causes disease, you get stuck in your thoughts, you get stuck in your head in loops form.

So look at this, your third eye, this is your mind, I see. Okay? It's indigo. It's awareness, intuition, wisdom, clarity. The rule this rules the mind.

Whatever we tell our mind will be executed, when blocked, you become a slave to thought over thinking habits, impulses, loops, and suffering. So this is a very powerful place to create what you want. Your third eye, your intuition, your wisdom, your clarity. This rules the mind. Whatever we tell our mind will be executed, So make sure that you are very clear about what you want.

This is where we first start to form any sort of thought around what we want. This is just not predicated to money, I know. I thought it was gonna be the heart or the sole plexus, self power or love, but it's not. It's actually up here in the mind because you can have anything, buy anything, even feel desire, you don't have to you have to create the thought first. There has to first be an idea of something that you want.

When you form this idea with the end tension of bringing this to you, you just gave money energy, value, and direction. If you don't follow through to step up to receiving this thing that you've asked for, that you've asked for, You will get stuck in the uni and suffering. That's when you want something, but can't have it. And that's not alignment. That's going into the multiverse, working out what you want, declaring what you want, and then not showing up to that energy, if day, but instead getting stuck back in the emotion and the loop and wondering why it's not showing up for you.

Then you'll spend more time using for it, and now that's suffering, not having that which I want, not having that which I love, not being with those that I want to be with and spending time with those that I love. So you you remember money as energy, it follows value and direction. When you receive it, it must be in equal exchange of value to you in equal exchange of value to you, then it's simply a byproduct of value, right? Direct proportion to what you give, the 3rd eye is where you walk the multiverse. I started doing this simply by learning to sit, or walk, I can even do this while I'm driving.

I really can. And at first, it's like daydreaming. I just want you to spend some time. Some people like to journal it out. Some people like to record themselves.

Some people like to write out lists just start to write it out, fill each path. I simply learned to set or walk and just explore, in my mind, a universe of infinite possibility, where there's no blocks, there's no nos, there's no how, there's no year, but there's no I can't because there is only, oh, would I want to be that, be that, do that, have that? And if the answer is yes, stay in the car. Follow it even more. Follow it to really light up, but I want you to feel it.

Remember, the brain is so extraordinary. When I talked about bringing up old memories and living in yesterday's emotions, I said, if you wake up in yesterday's emotions, your body is feeling a feeling your brain is thinking of an old story, your body does not know the difference between 10 years ago and right now, because it's experiencing it right now. So imagine when you walk this multiverse of possibility, that you're thinking of every scenario that you could possibly create for yourself so that you can feel what it feels like to have it and guess what? Your body does not know the difference. The bigger you can dream and walk that path of feeling the faster, your brain starts to believe it's happening in your now.

That's why when we expand when we grow, we truly expand. It's not something you're learning. It's not a linear path. That's why it's holding. It's happening in the now.

Don't worry. I'm talking really fast, but I'm gonna give you lots of reason, lots of reasons to ask me, Christian. Soon. So just hold tight. Keep your questions, right there on your list, and thank you.

I like all this feedback too, by the way. It helps me greatly. So for me, that multiverse, yes, Angie, don't struggle with the multiverse, go deep into it. You have no limits in the multiverse. There are no limits in the multiverse only.

Does this feel good to me? Does this respond in my body is this lighting me up. That's what I want. That's how I create anything for my staff. So Let me just get my notes.

You know when you find a pass that feels right for you because it's when you get all goosy all over and you know when you feel right. I want you to check-in with the voice of envy. This is a very powerful energy, and I want you to be okay with discussing your envy and your resentment. I bought all of this to the light so I could be unblocked, so I could have lots of money flow towards me. So check the voice of envy.

When we're blocked, we resent others that have what we want. We also believe that somehow them having that takes away from me being able to have that. I don't know why we do that, but it's the truth. In this judgment of others is the belief I can't have this. It's really just scarcity and ego, but the voice of MP is the most powerful voice you have the voice of resentment is gonna come up in your homework.

You might even believe that you don't have the voice of resentment or the voice of MB. That you wait. I've got a couple of questions for you that really unearth what that is. So Once you've walked the multiverse in your mind, you've told the brain what you want with the intention of bringing that to you, the throat light blue, this voice I speak is communication, expression, creativity, all seeking boundary. Speaking up boundaries, I'm gonna teach you how to do that.

Boundaries around money, boundaries around you, boundaries around VIP time, boundaries around prioritizing yourself care, boundaries around money, money, money, and money. I want you to speak out your boundaries. I want you to demonstrate healthy, loving boundaries. The throat is about standing up for oneself. It's about elevating the conversation in the room.

It's it's that words are so powerful and we speak things into creation the same way you speak something away. You know, you say things like, I can't believe it, or it's probably not gonna happen, or I know this will take long. You've already speaking it away. I want you to find this voice, this communication, this expression, this setting of boundaries, this creativity, this speaking, healthy, love boundaries, I want you to stand up for yourself. I want you to unfold what you truly want so you can start creating it for yourself.

What you want and unfolding yourself is not gonna hurt anybody in any way. However, setting boundaries when somebody has had no boundaries upsets the apple cart. And unfortunately, that's a big lesson you had to learn. It was one of the hardest lessons I had to learn But once I strengthened my boundaries, especially around how I leak money, oh, that's a big one, but I'm pleased to tell you I don't leak money any more. So I'm very excited for you to start using this voice.

I want to teach you how to ask for more. Because if this is where we create the desire in our mind for what we want, then this is where we materialize our goals. Do you believe that it comes from the rope? This is where we materialize our goals. This voice is energy.

This voice, your voice, your truth, is important. It's important for you and it's important for others. This voice you have is power. This voice is creation. This voice elevates this voice empowers this voice communicate and demonstrates love.

Everything you are speaking has power. You're going to come to awareness. That's what we've been working on is our awareness and acceptance. So that we can process with boundaries. Alright?

Our awareness and acceptance so we can process with boundaries, when it comes to speaking value and speaking money, everything that you say out of this, everything you think is going to create the next step everything you say is going to empower what you've been thinking. Now it's time to really check-in on what we've been saying. Let me slow down, have a sip of water, I could de read a question. Sometimes I don't even know I don't have boundaries until a situation is completed and in hindsight, honestly. Isn't that the worst Wendy?

You are learning your boundaries 1st, and, that's one of the hardest parts, right, is once you work out, oh, they were breaching a boundaryer. I should have could or didn't speak up for myself, next time, or you can go back to that person, I'll teach you how, bring the conversation back so that you can set a clear boundary you know, it can start with, I didn't like the way you spoke to me yesterday. Can we discuss that, please? All boundaries are life changing. Anyone else who likes suicide?

A winners and acceptance is a game changer. Excellent. Excellent. Okay. I'm gonna keep going.

I will keep checking, but, you know, we form our thoughts. Now we're creating. We're creating our reality. So I have a mantra, and it's the weirdest thing. I came over to my first big conference in the US from Australia in 2011.

I went to a public toilet in LA and written on the wall and Sharpie was I speak heart. I took a photo of it, posted on Instagram, and that's been my mantra. I speak hard. I use it for when I stand up on stage. I use it for when I speak or coach my group.

I use it for when I'm within my workshop. I use it when I ask for anything. When I set my intention, when I ask the universe, I speak heart. I speak with my heart. I speak from my heart.

I speak through my heart. I don't speak with my ego, through my ego. I speak through my heart. I cry a lot, I tremble on stage, I push through the voice, even when my voice is shaking because it's authentic. And when it's authentic, you can feel it, and that is real.

I want you to speak hard whenever you ask for anything, whenever you speak about yourself, your business, your life, your family, your money, all of it, I speak heart. The heart chakra is green. Slove has got by sadness and grief because the heart wants what the heart wants. And when you're a people pleaser, you don't align with what you want. You get into alignment with what everybody else wants, but your heart doesn't want that.

Your heart doesn't want what they want. Yes. You're super happy that these people are happy and your people pleasing and over nurturing everybody else, but your heart, your heart, what's what you want, what's what your heart wants. So when you feel there's no heart connection, that's simply because you're trying to live somebody else's alignment check-in with your people pleasing. Love is acceptance.

This is where your emotional intelligence grows. It's learning to process your thoughts and feelings with self love compassion empathy and acceptance You want those 4 again every single day you are learning to process your thoughts and your feelings with self love, compassion, empathy, and acceptance, because whatever you're thinking you're emotionally responding to you're the only person that can regulate that emotion. It's in you. It's in your brain. It's in your head.

It's your experience, and you're the only one that can say, I don't believe that anymore. I don't believe that anymore. I choose to feel different about this, I choose to process with self love, compassion empathy, and acceptance for myself first, and then others. So this is where your heart can override your thoughts and your feelings. Your heart can decide to forgive, and release.

Your heart can get connected to what it wants and spend no more energy and what it doesn't want. Your heart is the most powerful magnetic force that you have. Everything you attract comes from this center, this connection to what you truly want. For for 13 years, I've been coaching people in startup business. I always ask this question.

What do you want from the stage? Online. What do you want in the amount of people that would look at me and say, I don't know what I want. Now, I am I'm a force of nature when I want something. I'm also a force of nature when I hate something.

So, yeah, I was very good at manifesting in the negative as good as I am, manifesting in the positive. So if you're getting a lot of, crappy manifestation, that same power in the reverse is pretty intense. And you know what? I wasn't connected in that powerful magnetic force. I was too busy trying to look a certain way or be a certain way, and it really wasn't connected to what I want it.

Now it's very hard when you've been people pleasing, and you've realized that there is no alignment, because there isn't a lot of heart connection, which means there's a lot of other people giving input to your dreams. Once you clear that, you're unstoppable. The heart is the most powerful magnetic force that you have. Everything you attract comes from here. So it is more important to me that you get into alignment with what it is that you really want, remember it's not for your children, not for your partner, yes, they will share all of this for you, but you must manifest from a place that your heart wants.

Your ability to give and receive love, compassion, and and acceptance for yourself first, and then others will heal the world. And remember, when you can't accept something, Your only option is to change it or love it. When you can't change something, your only option is to accept it. You know, it's your only option. Maybe the person that's rejecting you is just you.

And once you work that out, you can 100% get out of your own way. The solar plexus, the chest, this is where we do for the south. I do. It's the will power to love. It's actually your power center.

See how people stand. Is their chest up, or is it down here? You see people cave in in the chest When the chest is empowered, that will power to love the self, that will power to make yourself a priority. To put yourself first, that self power comes from here, the enthusiasm for self, going after what you want, here, self efficacy, self respect, self care, self worth, it all lives here in the chest, lift your chest, breathe, self discipline, it's right here. I can discipline myself to do anything I enjoy.

That is the most powerful mantra I have after I speak hard. I discipline myself to do anything. Enjoy. This is where you form your opinions and beliefs and personal identity. Do you believe that?

It's also your decision making, your self assurance. This is where you feel and carry self doubt and fear. Oh, lift your chest, breathe. If you carry self doubt in fear here, can you feel that? Can you feel that in your, in your physical body?

When you feel weak, you feel like somebody's punched you in the sternum. Okay. And you don't feel powerful here. This is where we carry this doubt and this fear. Breathe in, lift your chest.

The Tom. That's for you, Terry. I feel All your emotion is here. This is orange. It's right above your belly button.

It's all of your feelings. It's shame. This is really a scary shame. This is also your pleasure center. Yeah.

Your tummy. Your pleasure center, she's sexuality, It's all your relationships with others. It's all trapped here. It's where our avoidance behaviors hurt us. It's when we're processing big emotion, and it becomes really painful and tumultuous.

That's when you blocked your digesting. You're digesting a problem, and you're not digesting. Okay. So you're gonna gonna trap that, all that energy in there. And this pleasure center, it gets us in so much trouble.

We get so much sickness and disease and anger stuck in our stomachs. Uncommunicated emotion trapped and our bellies trapped in our digestive, horrible pain, horrible processing of emotion. Even a feeling of numbness to everything, or having dominant emotions that impact your relationships and well-being, all of that is experienced in the stomach. You know, when you get that nervousness confrontation or adrenaline, it's just rushing into their gut, into this place here, That's your feeling center. You know, I thought that was also gonna be the heart too.

No. It's right down here. How do you process? So it's good to look at how you avoid what you don't want to do, how do you avoid money, what's your ammo, what's your modus operandi? What's your mode of operation?

How what's your go to? What do you default to? It's in this feeling place, that we are the creative force that enables us to paint, draw a picture, make anything, create, build a business, create a life of love and abundance from here, from our feelings. So all behavior meet the need. And when we avoid money, when we avoid self care, when we avoid boundaries, when we avoid self love, when we people please, when we're not in alignment, all of that energy just gets trapped.

And this is our creative center, it's our feeling center. It's our pleasure center. It's where we do everything good. So these avoidance behaviors, they're usually just to stress relief. To meet a need.

And in order to change any behavior, you have to find a different way for that need to be met. So interestingly enough, the more I pushed into abundance, the more my financial needs were being met the least I needed to get trapped up in my pleasure center, the least I needed to over eat or binge eat or, you know, any of the other avoidance behaviors. Remember eating was just mine. I bring to eating because that was my avoidance. It doesn't have to be yours.

Yours can be spending gossip, social media, drugs, smoking, sex, gambling. You know, I tried them all. I've tried them all. Logistics relief. And what happens is we create these behaviors and everything gets stuck here, but once I start to fulfill all of my needs, I started to get very unstuck in all of my avoidance behaviors because I was no longer avoiding the problem or avoiding the emotion.

So to change any behavior, you have to find a different way for that need to be met. The point here is to understand that it's always meeting a need. That's why we struggle so much with processing our emotion and avoidance behaviors because we judge the behavior as being wrong, instead of the fact that you needed stress relief and you went about it by choosing a behavior that made you feel good until it doesn't make you feel good. And then it becomes the problem, right? So always acknowledging our avoidance around everything because our avoidance means we are not picking up for ourselves.

We don't have that will power to create for ourselves. We don't have the heart connection where we're doing what we want, we don't have the voice that stands up for that boundary, and we don't have the vision for what we want. So it's just so easy to feel disconnected and stuck in all your avoidance problems. And Just remember, if avoidance is really big for you like it was for me, don't try and fight the avoidance. Go for the fulfillment instead.

You're avoiding because there is no fulfillment. Once you go for the what you really want in the fulfillment, the avoidance falls away. I talk a lot in the power talks about identity, and I'd want you to check-in on mom and dad's money. Let's just have a look on where we came from, and a little bit of the old programming around it, what was inherited, and what wasn't. Remember when you have a Crave parent, a Crave parent was a parent that you craved love and attention from, usually more so than another parent.

So some we mostly have one crate parent, one we connected to, 1 we feel less connected to. Sometimes we mirror the behavior of the crave parents, because we want to be more like them, we want to be loved and accepted by them. So I call this inheriting things from a parent that you don't they're not necessarily yours, you just inherited this energy. So you're either mirroring one of your parents in money right now, or you saw what they did with money and you are in the extreme opposing energy of it. Because of the way they treated money, is anybody brave enough in the chat to tell me if it's either one of those things?

And if not, is there a third one that dominant for you that comes up because if you emulate a Crave parent, this becomes programming, and it's not yours. It's theirs, and it's easier to let go of it once you, I identify that it's not your behavior at all. Now in your homework, I'm gonna get you to reframe some of the old stuff that you heard about money when you were growing up because remember seeing it, saying it, doing it, being it, if it's in your old energy, and it's in your spoken energy, it's in your belief system, and you're absolutely speaking it out. So think about this for one second. I want you to consider that your Crave parent, gave you this old programming, so have a look at their money energy and are you mirroring it at all?

So when I was growing up, my big brother, as I've said many times, was very troll with money. He was a saver. He still is. Money just fell through my hand, even as a child. Now, my dad, worshiped my brother and his ability to keep money.

Of course, he did. My dad had money issues. In hindsight, I can see that him seeing my brother have full control over money at twelve years old blew my father's mind, and my dad really pushed into that complimented him, used to talk, man, he's so good with money. Of course, that's a reflection of my dad's inability to control himself around money. What he saw in me, and he was my co parent, was the exact same behavior.

The same behavior in me that I was doing, he was saying in me, sorry, that he does. And so because he could see my behavior, and that was triggering him, Miramira, He would say things to me like you have no discipline, or you can't do money for 3 hands. You're just dying to spend it, aren't you? And he would say all of these things to me that weren't true for me either, but as a kid, I was like, Yeah. I like to spend money hadn't worked out that everyone has a different money style yet.

I'll tell you more about that. So It's really good to look back because I tell you something really interesting. I'm not very good at finishing anything. Turns out, I don't need to. I'm a creator.

My Wealth Dynamics profile is I will create businesses and let them go and sell them. I don't need to be in the day to day running, and I don't need to finish it or see it through. I'm a creator. That's my profile. But my parents told me I never finished anything, which made me feel like I was a loser, like I can't finish anything.

So I grew up kind of not finishing things. I also had in my programming from dad that I had no discipline, that I had no control around money, And I believed it. I believed it and started to grow up exactly the same way that my dad did I got my dad's money energy, and he was speaking that money energy out to me because Mara Mara, he was identifying it in me as being his money energy. That's how I started to be with money around him, and I'm gonna get you to go back and think of how money was spoken about in your life, and I've got lots of questions to ask around that because it's really intriguing. Describe your parents' money style.

Can I refresh the chat? I don't know how to do that because it's not scrolling, and I just wanna I'm not missing anything from the bottom. It was scrolling, but now it's not. So my dad failed in business, And I didn't find this out until I'd started my business, so I was like 36, 37 years old. No, I wasn't I was thirty when I started my business, so that's when I found out that they had failed in business.

I didn't even know they owned a business I went to my mom after my 1st year in business. And I said, you never taught me how to, have a business, you never taught me I could be self employed. I didn't realize I could do it myself, thanks, Sarah. So Sorry. I'm leaving this new chat system, and I wanna make sure I don't miss anything.

So I only just found out, here I am, finding out my dad failed in business He was twenty one. They were twenty twenty one years old, and my mom told me he couldn't ask for money. So that doesn't mean my father was a failure, He simply could not ask for money in equal exchange and what he's worth. So I want you to describe your parents' money style in this homework, but I want facts. I want facts, not emotion.

And also, when you write the facts, if a big emotion comes up with that fact, write out the fact and the emotion as 2 different things, because the emotional part is that it brings you back to story, but the fact is when I simply write the fact, my dad failed in business. He was twenty one years old. He could not ask for money. Fat. There's no drama, there's no narrative, there's no poor me, there's no story, That is a fact.

I'm okay with this fact. I'm going to be different. From that day 4th, I made a promise to myself to be loyal to my true path, to honor my wants and desires, to commit to myself, and my growth and to ask for what I'm worth in equal exchange. No matter how hard it was. Oh, that made me goosene and made me wanna cry.

It does not mean my father was a failure. That's the bottom line. Okay? Simply means he could not ask for money. When you bring it back to the facts and you get rid of all the emotion, there's no story in there.

Just in fact, you can think something different and change it from here on in. So don't worry. That's in your homework. When I learned this, I took away all of fear. I took away the judgement, but mostly I took away the shame because it was simple.

I was exactly the same as him. I was mirroring exactly what he did with money and how he talked about it with money. I'm gonna just check my questions. You know, manifesting the negative is a scary thought, but it's sustained focus. I just remember that because I just see that in the chat.

People are like, oh, you can't just think of thought, and that's manifesting. You have to fully put it out there as intention, fill the emotion, and the belief around it. That's when it is very, very, very clear to you. Okay. Overhanging meat to meat.

Okay. Oh, there's so many answers in there. I'm gonna have to go back and read those. I was, I was like, oh, are they responding to that? Yes.

Okay. Oh, my goodness. Oh, you're gonna have fun with the money, with the mom and dad homework. You're gonna have some Great. Just remember, whatever you learned as a child can be unlearned.

However, you believe they impacted you, your self worth, and your money. It was in direct proportion to how they love to themselves. And remember, when we process with empathy, compassion, with love, we're also processing for our parents because you're going to outgrow them if you have not already, and it is okay to grow past your parents. It is okay. Completely okay.

Alright. Guilt and shame are the 2 energies that block money. In families, you can feel really bad about growing wealthy when others are not. And that is something I want you to check-in with if your parents or your family are holding you back. You might have noticed I said on stage on the power talks that I did not get my money flow until I moved away from my family because I was carrying too much guilt that I was becoming successful and my siblings were not.

Not my big brother and my other two siblings. So I had this incredible guilt. I also carried shame, And I also had this, like, need to want to save all of them, so I was so focused on them not in alignment and trying to get into alignment. And when you give people money, you just empower them. So I was really stuck there for a while in my own guilt.

Of becoming successful. So caring shame in other areas of your life will show up in your money. So I, you know, coach a lot of people. And if I see shame in their life over anything that they've done in the past, that shame, is secretly in their money as well. So to me, really bringing shame to the light and honoring the self, honoring the alignment, honoring what you want is the only way to get rid of it.

If you have money pain, Let me just talk about money pain. Money pain is the sick feeling in your pleasure center, like that horrible feeling down here where your tummy's flipping and processing because you're usually avoiding emotion or it's up here in the solar plexus, right, in the allowing for the cell. So the money pane hits here and here. Then you get stuck in a loop because the thought is I am I can't do this, you're gonna default to an old story. I'm out of control.

I'm no good with money. It all comes back from that childhood. You know, I'm not good enough, blah blah blah, and that story has looping, looping, looping, looping, looping, looping, looping, looping. So that guilt and shame the two things that block money, guilt and shame, bring them to the light, bring the guilt and the shame to the light. There is no part of you that is so shameful that you can't forgive yourself and release that to your awareness, acceptance, processing, and boundaries.

Every single day you are coming to awareness, acceptance, processing, and setting new boundaries. Okay. Awareness, acceptance, processing, and setting new boundaries. So we're gonna throw in worthiness. But let's think about that for a moment.

Awareness Acceptance. Now I always say there's a feeling of worthiness. When you ask for something, it has to come with a feeling of worthiness. A lot of people struggle with that, I do too, but maybe that's the whole point of alignment. Maybe it's not feeling unworthy.

Maybe you've just been out of alignment with what you really want. So it's really difficult to feel worthy and connected because you're just not in alignment So let's get into alignment. But that shame and that guilt, every single day, I need you to bring out the terrible thing. So if you're here because you've already broken through your debt, I still want you to do your survive and thrive budget because it's gonna tell me so much about you, and it's gonna tell you a whole lot more than you think. If you're in debt and you have lots of guilt shame, money, pain, stress, all of those horrible feelings.

Your goal every single day is to bring out that terrible thing. Bring out the monster, let's look at it, look at it, look at the debt, write it all down, Find someone to talk to, to remove the shame around it. The avoidance is way more painful than the reality is. Trust me. If you're at the next level, you've already done this.

Maybe you don't have any debt. Now you have some savings, you know, provided there's no debt there, no debt, and you're not struggling to earn income, you're not just living under what you're earning, then you still gotta do everything else that the first people are doing. Awareness, acceptance, worthiness, enlightenment, look at your money every single day because the avoidance of debt is way more shameful than the actual reality. The avoidance of the debt is way more shameful than the reality of it. There's people in here with large debt, little debt, stinky debt, somebody else's debt, resentment debt, every kind of debt is in all people all the time.

You don't know. You don't know what people are hiding. You don't know what people are sitting on, but whatever your shame is, it's BS, you're telling yourself it shameful, bring it to the light. Bring it to the light. Okay.

Now, by the way, that actually physically means going to your bank account every day and looking at it. For real until you feel good until there's no shame until you feel in control. That's how you do it. You look at it every single day. If you've got money and you're growing money, you're gonna look at it every day.

Okay. And instead of removing the shame, you're going to elevate it with words and excitement. I make money easily. Money flows to me. Money comes to me easily.

I pay my bills easily. I attract work, clients, you know, I attract abundance. It's just gonna keep coming to you every single day because your focus is to get up every single day and get into alignment with money, then you can grow it. But because you're looking at it every day, you're not hiding from it. You're not avoiding it.

You're just looking at it from a place of excitement and joy. And as, you know, even when it's debt, you're gonna say, I'm gonna pay this debt. I'm gonna nail this debt. Don't give yourself a tire line. Just it's gonna be done.

I'm in control. I'm in charge. I have a plan. I am working towards this every single day. You're just gonna get up until the emotion is clear.

You're going to look at So we're gonna either look at the debt, clear the shame, or we're gonna look at the goal, and empower it. We're gonna look at the goal, and empower it. So my emotion is clear. Once I want something and I decide, okay, I'm afraid but you can activate with fear. You can activate in terror.

It might change your outcome a little bit, but you can still activate What you can't do is get into alignment when you keep going back to a loop of thoughts and feelings that are, that's when you're stuck in the drama and stuck in the problem. When your emotion is clear, you might be afraid, or you might feel a little bit of fear, but remember, fear lives in the back seat, so they're along for the ride. But when your heart is locked in, when you can get past the emotion to that feeling of connection and committed to the self, That's when your focus starts to just come into alignment because every single day it forces that action. You show up every day in love. That forces action, instead of waking up and getting trapped in your own head, you are waking up every day activating your heart connection, that magnet comes out, then the action is showing up every day to make this bigger and better.

When my heart is locked and I feel connected and committed to myself, to what I'm doing, to my clients, to my friends, to my family, to my partner, to everybody around me. I show up in love every single day. I can see the path forward. I'm going to speak it into existence. I feel good doing this.

The heart is connected and radiating. The solar plexus feels strong. Can you feel that? Even the sacral, the the feelings into the pleasure center of your body, it's in a place of joy. You can feel it through your physical body.

Your intuition is more connected. You get so much gut instinct, then you start to get future pictures, you start to see ahead of time because you're brain is just open and active and clear. That's when you know your alignment. When you're committed to building other people's dreams or supporting other people's dreams, then it doesn't feel same to you. There's no activation.

There's no showing up every day. You can get into alignment helping other people, but that alignment is not for you. And if you're not fulfilled by this alignment, you cannot be fulfilled by other people's alignment. That's why it's yours, and that's why it's called your alignment. Alright?

Very, very important. Remember alignment is only for you. So if you feel out of alignment with others, just check-in that you've not returned to the people pleasing around trying to move this path People pleases don't know what they want. You can't bring others to alignment. In fact, recently, This is a this is a teachable moment.

I was in alignment with something, and my husband got out of alignment. We talked about it. We argued over it. I tried to do everything to bring him back into alignment. And he did not lock in.

And then I started to flounder and seeking guests myself and finally, I shouted in the mirror. If you're annoyed that he's not in alignment, that means You are not in alignment. Ah, and no, I wasn't. You see, I was trying to make the situation good for him to come back to alignment. I was people pleasing again and trying to make it good for him so that he could come back into alignment, but He didn't feel the alignment, so he's saying I'm out of alignment, and I was forcing so much him trying to get into alignment.

The second day became aware that I was trying to get him into alignment, I realized I was out of alignment. More homework, This is what I'm going to put into the group is unfolding what you truly want. It's about unfolding what you don't want anymore. It's about working out what the alignment with your physical self care, your body image, your money flow, your career path, your business, your partner with all of the areas of your life, which are empowered right now and which are disempowered. Because your goal is to get into heart alignment in every area of your life alignment is being in love with your future.

The fastest way to attract money is get into that alignment. It is so incredible, and this is the magic The goal is get your heart alignment in every area of your life aligned with being in love with your future wake up, get into alignment every single day with what you want, how you're doing it, how you're activated, and how you're showing up every single day. And before you ask for more money, I want you to look at all the eight areas of your life. Just as an overview Okay? I want you to look at this.

Is your homework? I'm gonna drop this into the group. I want you to ask, am I in alignment in this area? What would I need to be in alignment in specifically that area? And how do I get to alignment here?

Each area has a different alignment, and you might be quite surprised to find out that sometimes we can work on one area of our life, but 2 or 3 areas can be completely shut down, like not connected, completely disconnected from any form of self care or alignment, and it's very easy to do. So going through your eight areas, is really showing me how you're connected in alignment to the life you have right now. It's going to show you very clearly exactly the same path. Alright. Number 1 is the physical body.

That's how you move how you sleep, how you eat, how you rest, how you self care, and your and your body image, how you feel about all of this. Number 2, area is your love relationship. So you're either attracting love, deepening the love that you have or reconnecting love. Number 3 is money, value flow and direction. Number 4 is either education, work, career, or business.

It's one of those 4 things that you need to be in alignment with. Number 5 is family and relationships. And we all know that they're based on boundaries, good boundaries for you. And then number 6 is friends and social. Number 7, is your mental, emotional, and spiritual, okay, and your, basically, your mental, emotional, spiritual, That's your faith work, your thought work, your emotional processing, and number 8 is environmental, what you create for yourself in the world of matter.

In your homework, I'm gonna ask you to break down all of these areas into I want and I don't want any more. I've given you prompts what I feel I focus on. I believe I give up, receive, I reframe, I release, I heal, I forgive, I'm excited for, and I love to feel because all of these prompt what you want, So you're just gonna fill it out, and don't worry if you get stuck, just come back to the group, ask me a lot of questions. The first thing I hear when people specifically start working on self value is I know I've got a lot of debt This is just an example. I've got a lot of debt, and I know this is gonna take some time.

So you need to know something There is no linear path of healing. There is no timeline. It's how fast you can get peace of mind and then excitement in your alignment. If you can get into alignment tomorrow, magically everything comes into alignment. That's the whole point.

The thing is it doesn't take us one day. It takes us a lot because we have an identity here. We're relearning patterns. We're speaking up for ourselves. There's a lot to do.

There is no linear path of healing. There is no timeline for healing, enough with the limits, you're speaking your limits. I know this is really hard. I know I have lots of work to do. I know this is gonna take me a long time.

These things I hear all the time, I want you to change your language. Okay? I want you to change your language to I am coming to a witness How's that? I am becoming. I am becoming wealthy.

I am becoming self employed. I am coming someone I want to be, I am becoming. There is no more I can't because either now we are just becoming the world is becoming. You know, that's a Wallace waddles. Do not make a study of poverty.

Look at the world as becoming rich So are you going to post this? Yes. I'm gonna post all your homework into the group. Don't worry. I'm gonna post, and I have a lot time went for you.

Terry, I get excited when I find new areas. That's fantastic. So remember, there is no linear path, no linear path. Everything you're creating comes down to your focus and emotion, what you're focused on and how you feel about it. You're either focused on the problem, and then you're manifesting more problem.

Or even worse, you're focused on the drama and you're creating more drama. That's when you're ringing someone. Go. Do you believe they said this about me? And then they got the thing in your guts and you're creating more drama and exacerbating that drama and then attracting more drama.

Alright. So if you're focused on the problem, you're gonna get more problem. If you're focused on the drama, oh, you are at the center of drama. Also, I used to, like I said, tell everybody that they were thinking they will to live, but it turns out I was the drama queen. Yoo.

Because I was focused on the dramas that was definitely about me. Think of all four areas of those energies and what and what they bring with them, because if you're focused on the problem, boy, you're gonna get a whole lot more problems. If you're focused on the drama, you're gonna get a whole lot of drama if you're focused on the solution. You're gonna get to your solution. And if you are focused with love, you're going to get through this problem very, very very quickly.

Okay. The next step. More homework. This is a big one. This is a really important lesson, and for the first time I've been able to I will be able to coach this, I will be able to get your responses because this is a money coaching month.

So next week, and in the group, I would love to hear how you're going with this. This is how I really changed how I manifest and create everything. I created a powerful daily ritual. I need you to know and be focused on your money and where it's going And that's why we feel so out of control around money because we avoid it because how it makes us feel, or we avoid it because it instigates more, avoidance behaviors that we want to avoid those sometimes too, so we just avoid looking at the problem it also stops you from growing in money. So if, like I said, if you don't have a lot of money pain, you're just not focused on direction, I need you to still create this daily ritual so that you can really understand where your money is going and how you're asking for it because it's gonna show you and also that I'm gonna teach you how to ask for more.

So I call this survive to thrive. And if you've done this with me before, do it again, because it would have changed considerably in the last 4 years, and I haven't done this for at least 4 years. So if you've done this survive to thrive, do it again. It really helps you understand what's going on, the facts, it's right there in front of you. There's no emotion in here, there's only the feeling we have responding to it, and that's what we're gonna deal with because it's that feeling of guilt and shame that's stopping you from moving forward So what you do is you you get a piece of paper, you write survive at the top.

This is the smallest amount of money you need to survive on a monthly basis this. This is in your homework, food, shelter, transport, any debt, but I don't wanna know how much your debt is. I just want the minimum monthly payment. Credit cards. I don't wanna know how much is on your credit card.

I just want the minimum monthly payment. Mortgage. I don't care how much your mortgage is, just the monthly payment. Insurances, rent, utilities, spending money, where do you spend your money, savings, DoorDash, hobbies, subscriptions, all of it. You are to make a comprehensive budget right now, and that is called Subibe.

At the very end, there is a number That's your survival number. And for a lot of people that's like $4000 or, you know, it might be less, it might be $6000. It might be $8000. Everybody's different, but that is the amount of money you need to live And I would say if I could do a percentage right now, which I can't, but if I could do a percentage right now, I would say 98% of the people in this group and audience right now are living just below their monthly needs. And the reason we live just below our monthly needs is because we ask for enough to survive, but we don't ask for more to thrive.

And this is where you really see what you're asking for and what you're managing in terms of monthly money. So I put all these into your homework, I need you to create that budget, all of it, monthly payments, only. I need to know where your money goes. Don't lie to me. If you're spending $2 a month on DoorDash, you need to put that in your survival budget because if I was to take that survival budget off you and you could not survive, because you're spending money here and here and here and here and here and here, then you're lying.

And I need you to know something. I coach sales, building a business, marketing, the craft, of photography. I coach all these areas nobody tells more lies than when I coach money. Uh-huh. I don't need to know your overall debt.

Okay. I don't need to know that. I just need to know, and you need to know exactly how much you're actually paying to live every month, and you're struggling So you should know every single number that's coming in, and you're to remove all of the shame from it. This is the now. This is not the dream version of your life.

It is the now version of your life. It's reality. It's the truth. Right now, it's the truth. You might avoid it.

You might be in an emotional pain looking at it, but it's still the truth. It's just a fact. Now, if you have money pain, this is brutal, but it's the only way through. Is to look at it every day until the shame goes away. If you don't have debt or finances that cause you emotional reaction, maybe you feel complete disconnection or apathy.

Your money's got no direction. You might feel completely unfulfilled, but maybe you have a partner who's paying the bills, so there's no great need for survival. You still have to do the survival budget. What if something happened to your partner? You need to know how much money it costs to run your house, to run your life.

And if you are disempowered in this area, someone or something is overpowering you. You need to know these things, when married, do I do a cost for myself and my spouse, like his car insurance? Well, if it's tied together, then, yeah, you could do a cost together because obviously it impacts how your house is run. You have a dual income, and then you have a dual budget essentially. So you could separate that and but if you are tied together and it's one bank account, then I would definitely do it together.

Okay. So a lot of people that don't have this sort of debt or money pain are simply avoiding being in control of their money or letting some else being in control of their money, you still have to do this. Everybody has to do this. Also, sometimes we don't have money control. Oh, I love that.

I don't have it. So good. Cost of doing life. So just like your cost of doing business, this is cost of doing life, but this is the life you're living now, so it's actually gonna show us a whole lot of the things about you that you're hiding. And even the people that say, I don't even need to worry about money, notice how I do that voice.

You're gonna find out why I'm gonna talk to you about my resentment, to people that don't take control of their money because, you know, we fear and we hate what we most fear I need you to take the fear and avoidance away regardless of what your problem is. It's that simple. That's why we're looking at the every day until we're fully empowered in this area. This is how you feel in control. This is for how you feel powerful every day with your money goals.

When you're paying your debt, you can see it going down. You can absolutely start to see yourself thriving. Now, now once you've that down, and that's gonna take you a couple of days or a whole day. It's gonna it's a bit of work. I need you to get that out.

Now I want you to do a whole new budget, but not until that one, like, everything. Even money go through your bank accounts. Highlight what's coming up monthly as regular, add it up as your monthly, do the average, that's what you're spending. It's that simple. Keep it in the facts.

Keep it out of the emotion. Keep it in the facts. Keep it in the self power. Now I want you to create the Thrive budget. This is where you take everything that's in survival.

Oh, Wait a minute. Let's have a look on our survive budget first if there's anything that needs to be taken off. Like a boundary needs to be set, I'm no longer gonna be paying that money. Let's take that away because that doesn't come with you to your Thrive budget. That's where you wake up and start setting boundaries.

Now I want you to do the second budget. The second budget is called Rive. Listen to this. You're gonna add a holiday that you want So if you wanna do a cruise or you wanna do a trip to Santorini in Greece, work out how much that's gonna cost, put that on your annual budget for savings, add that to your Thrive budget. It's that simple, that dream home that you want, the car that you dream of, the life that you should be living right now that's easy and abundant and congruent.

I think it's just above how you're living now, probably. And when I say just above, you'll be quite surprised when you do this, how much above it is. This is where you need to be realistic? No. I also don't want you to be pie in the sky, and this is where people get very confused about concurrency, so let me just quickly talk to you about concurrency.

If I told you to be realistic, I'm telling you not to set big goals. If you set big goals that are not next step, not congruent to the path you're walking, you're going to feel really discouraged instantly because that's big picture thinking. When I create goals, I create goals that are congruent to the next step that I am walking in front of me, I can create 10 next steps, and I'm not creating that chasm, that space of the Grand Canyon where I'm looking cross to the other side, and I'm saying, I know I wanna be over there, but there's no bridge. That's the moment I'm making the bridge. You've got to be honest with yourself and realistic in your goals realistic's not the right word.

It's about being congruent and really feeling the path forward but then the next ten steps, you know, ah, I don't want you to get stuck in the house. I'm gonna come back to this. I need you to really sit with each thing that you write down and take the time to feel yourself living with this. Everything you need to know about how you block money is right here, in this feeling space. It's what you ask for.

Okay. So you don't need to be realistic. You don't need to be congruent. You don't need to set goals. You really need to just look at this beautiful Thrive list, and think about a life where you just thrive where it's easy, easy and abundant.

Add it to the number, and then have a look at those two numbers. Because on one side, you ask for just enough. You don't realize it, but you ask for just enough. And then you get just enough. But when you look at the swine, you're going to start asking for that number, and that number is different than that number.

But you're not asking for more. And if you're struggling, you're really not asking for more. You're only asking for survival, and it's not enough. And then you feel like there's not enough, and you're not enough. And that's not what's happening here.

You're focused on just enough to survive And I want you to start getting familiar with that Thrive number. And you're going to start to ask for that. And it's going to show up for you. I set my 1st big monthly thrive at 10 $1000 income after my business broke through, and I was starting to become profitable in business, and I was paying 8 staff, and I was paying myself $50. I was paying myself what my make about this morning.

I was winning at life in my business, and I was asking for money for a new studio and money for this and money for that, but I never asked for anything for myself. Who was I to ask for more? Meanwhile, I'm now paying 8 people nurturing 8 lives, feeling responsible for 8 lives building other people's dreams. But when I wrote that drive budget, when I wrote that drive budget. I looked at the difference in order to have a home and in order to have this and in order to have that and in order to have all the things I wanted, I needed to ask for more.

And I started to ask for more. It didn't take long for my monthly budget to go from $10,000 to 23,000. Then I decided, okay, I'm building wealth. My business is doing well. I'm abundant.

I've paid my debt. I speak with abundance. I see opportunity everywhere. I am 100% activated through my heart with everything that I want, I up that number. I set that number almost 8 years ago.

And if you don't, reset it, if you don't go in and redo this and reinvigorate it, and you've changed You've changed a lot since you did it last time, then you 100% are not asking for more, and the whole point of knowing these two budgets is that I am going to get you to ask for more. Jan. This is me currently, needing to ask for more while employing a team of 7, you're changing My client's lives daily, you're also supporting 7 other people. Remember the lion's shear? The lion does not hunt.

The lioness do. When the lioness brings the prey back, she feeds the lion first He didn't hunt, then she feeds the children, right? And then she feeds herself. Now the lion, his job is to oversee the pride, to protect it, to make sure it's safe from predators, he fights for this tribe, and he takes the lion's shear. Now, you can choose to look at that as gender, or you can choose to be a lion and just know that in order to keep a pride safe, you have to be the strongest line.

You have to take the lion's share because you are in charge. And if there is not extra for the lion, then you are asking to feed your cub and your line says, and while that's lovely, you will not be the strongest line. You just will not. So it's It's an interesting thing because when I first read about the lion's share, I realized that the lion did I was like, wait, the lion does nothing. The lioness does everything.

You can see how I was marrying that in myself. So yes, very important thing. The lion's chair you are the lion and you need to take the lion's share. It's okay. That's what you're here for.

How can you support 7 other people when you're not fully supporting yourself. So we're looking for the easy abundance. We are looking for the rye budget that gives us the things that make us happy I even added shopping money. I like to shop. Alright?

I worked out. My dad was right. I love spending money. It makes me feel very good, whereas my brother gets the same joy from saving, I get the same joy from spending money. I don't get joy from saving money.

I enjoy it now because it helps me get goals I want, but, like, just saving money does not give me any form of, like, joy or anything. It's okay. It's just not what I'm in alignment with. So everything you need to know about how you block money is right in between your survival and your Thrive budget. And I'm really excited to hear your Thrive budget.

Now some people go to the nth degree, and instead of doing a Thrive budget, they live a My dreams are just so big, you know, and they'll go from, I'm living month to month, and I work and I have this money, and I wanna be a multi billionaire and have a jet at these little things. And I'm like, cool, there's no congruency there, and that might be the big picture but I need you to come back to goals that you can get into alignment with right now, because that's important. All of this takes time. Ah, Wendy. I would like to pay off my house.

Why would you like to pay off your house? You know, having a mortgage is one of the best things that you can do. So maybe don't make it a goal to pay up your house, or just put it on your goal list to pay off your house easily, as you build wealth and invest in other homes. I mean, that's a great way to look at it. So all of that takes time, working out your survival, working out your thrive, because you've really gotta sit with all the things that you're now putting on your 5 list and ask, is this what I want?

And you really have to look at that monthly spending and say, do I allow space for eating out? Do I allow space for the hobbies that I want for the card that I want for really look at the difference between what you're looking for and what you want, and now we're going to learn how to start asking for that. This is where your money of governance is. This is where your money, Apopee is. This is where your money is going, and this is how you feel about it, getting you to start focus on this new number and everything that you wanna create for yourself.

Is where I get more information than ever because money makes you more of what you've already are. So You have to do the now level first, then you can do the congruent next step Thrive level, and you can rework that list over and over and over again. If you wanna do a big picture like a dream list, like, that's really huge, do a third list. That's my pug. Do a third list.

And, you know, you can dream big as much as you want, but for me, big picture is intention. For me, goals are congruent in the everyday, and I wake up to those every single day and get an alignment with those. So as you are writing the Thrive list. I'll put this on your homework as well. As you're writing your Thrive list, I want you to take note of how many times you write something you want, and a how comes up, how.

How am I gonna do that? How is that coming to me? How? How's that gonna happen? How?

Because being how send it sends it back How is that gonna happen? Send it back. It's that simple. You're not to ask how you're to focus on the what, and how you feel about it, but you're not to ask how it's coming to you. If you ask something to come to you, it can come to you in a million different ways, you're not to ask how, the second you say how, you send it back.

It's that simple. You send it back. If you have a fixed income. So a lot of people have a job and versus being stay self employed, And if you're self employed and you're broken through money, that means you're broken through selling and receiving money. We're gonna grow that, so make sure you do your survive and thrive.

If you have just started out in business and you haven't broken through selling yet, you're going to get to a value and alignment with your product and what you're offering so that you can offer in equal exchange, and you are going to sprint towards breaking through selling. If you're on a fixed income, And you can't, like, raise your income because you're not self employed. Don't worry. This is the beautiful thing about money energy. Just because you're on a fixed wage doesn't mean that's the only way money can come to you.

Like I said, money can come to you in a 1,000,000 different ways. Your goal is to stay in alignment with what it is that you want on that Thrive list and every single day activate that heart stay in alignment with that, and it's going to come to you regardless of whether you're on a fixed income or not. Breaking through selling comes down to value, and that rejection loop. It's when you think I want to be self employed, I wanna tell myself, and then the fear comes up and the imposter syndrome comes up. And as soon as that comes up, you're instantly out of alignment with what you want.

Because you're back into the, I'm gonna get rejected. I can't do this. You've stopped offering service, and now you've come back to, I will be judged. I can't do this. So don't worry.

A fixed income and also a self employed income will change greatly when your money energy shifts Also, it just gives you more connection, more drive, more ideas beside Hussle. Money starts to come from other avenues, other people, you will be amazed where it comes from. Again, don't spend any energy in the how only in the what. Just checking in on my time. Just so you know, I'm just doing a time check because I lose time.

Up here. It feels like I've been talking for about 20 minutes. So I'll just check-in on my time and make sure I'm not going on too long. But, you know, I've got lots to talk about. So you're gonna acknowledge how many hows.

How many I can't because I can't have that because how's that gonna happen? Get away from your arguing self, get away from the to and from get away from the loop, get away. You're just creating on paper here what you want. You're just writing it all down. Take the pressure off.

Can you elaborate on how? Okay. Did I elaborate on the how enough? I just saw that question. The second you say how you're thinking about the path that it's coming to you, and that's not the receiving of the gift, that wanna know how it's coming, and it's the stupidest thing.

You've gotta stop saying how. It's very important. Fixed to income. Oh. For Wealth.

If you have done your survival budget and now you're doing your Thrive budget, if you're building wealth, then your Thrive budget's going to be way bigger than what you're living right now. You don't have debt. You don't abstain. You don't have money pain. You're not building wealth if you still have debt shame and money pain.

So go back over here and stop avoiding that because you can't get to the wealth until you deal with the emotion around your debt. For well, your daily ritual is direction, focus, empowering that of alignment of refocusing your goals every morning, feeling connect to them getting into alignment every day, make the steps congruent and really look at what is the emotion that stopping the alignment or kicking the out of alignment, that's all you have to process when you were building wealth at that next level. But your focus and emotion around money every morning is the most important part of your daily ritual. I've left the daily ritual to week 3, because right now I wanna walk you through your Thrive. I wanna get you through your money blocks I want you to start learning how to, how you were living just below what you're asking for.

And looking at what you truly want, floating that because next week, I'm gonna teach you how to ask for it. And you better be ready It comes the second you asked for it. Did you know that when I first broke through money, I got to a point where I was just like, I need to sell my work. And the universe said, okay. Just tell your work.

And I think I need to sell it for $1800. And the universe said, cool, do that. So I started doing that, and it happened instantly. Instantly. And I was like, was I not clear about this before?

Clearly, I was not. So once I made it very clear, the universe what I wanted. And then I woke up every day and focused on what I wanted. It started to show up for me really fast. The first night I did that declaration.

I did 3 sales appointments in a row, and all of my clients spent 1850, 18 1850. I remember going from so broke. I didn't know how I was gonna pay rent to I just told them it was this much, And I I stopped talking and acted with value, and they all paid it. It was like, instantly, connected doesn't mean I knew what to do with it. Doesn't mean I knew how to manage it.

Doesn't mean I didn't waste so much of it in my avoidance behaviors, doesn't matter that I gave it away to other people to be like because, you know, I felt like I had to overgive in order to be friends with people. It didn't matter that I felt so guilty about having it, I lost it, got it back again, lost it, got it back again, lost it, got it back again. It wasn't until it broke through all of that emotion, and that took me 3 years. It's not gonna take 3 years for you because I am here right now slapping you and telling you what you're doing wrong. Took me a long time to get comfortable with this money, but the second I asked for it, it started to show up.

So you're going to get some results very, very quickly. How long have I been on Sarah? Oh my goodness. Okay. It feels like 20 minutes, and I've been nearly to ask So a great indicator of how blocked you feel is resentment and judgment towards others.

Resentment and judgment towards others that have the life that you want This is the awareness of envy. Envy is resentment. Isn't that amazing? Envy goes to resentment. And if you think about it, I resented people that grew up with money.

I would say trust fund babies. In fact, when I first started live broadcasting in the US in 2012, I walked on stage and my intro was My name is Sue Bryce. I am not a trust fund baby or a rich wife. Yet, and then everyone would chuckle. And then I'd start talking.

I'm not a rich wife or a trust fund baby is what I would say. I resented people who grew up with money because imagine how easy life would be if someone did all of that for you. That was my resentment. That envy, that envy is so powerful because that envy comes from a place of scarcity. It comes from a place of I can't have that, and I wanted that.

I wanted to be a trophy wife and a trust fund baby, And it wasn't really fear that I wasn't a trophy wife or a trust fund baby. So we hate what we fear, but we attract what we fear because hate is such a powerful energy, especially in a sustained focus, But at its core, when I really dissected the feeling, it's resentment, and resentment comes from envy. So if you feel envy, right or left. This is also in your homework. It's called I am worthy of.

People pleases are always resentful. People pleases are always resentful because the paradox is we just wanna make everyone happy. And in doing so, We do not meet our own needs, and then we blame everyone else for our needs not being met. When you feel envy, that is a call to write a goal list. This list that you're gonna write is I am worthy of I am worthy of abundance.

I am worthy of 1,000,000 of dollars. I am worthy of a beautiful, safe home that I love to be in so I can share that with all of the people I love. I am worthy of a career that lights my soulful purpose. I am worthy of love, I am worthy of money, I am worthy of abundance, I am worthy. I said all of that with huge goosebumps all over me, I don't believe in positive affirmations because positive affirmations don't change, strong emotions.

And affirmation is just rocket fuel when you start to walk you just are affirming what you're already experiencing. So whenever I would have a small win, whenever I have a small win, whether it's set or anything, a small win, I'm gaining something, a small win, I say I'm meeting my needs. I'm meeting my needs. Look at me. I'm a money making machine.

Look at me. I'm a moneymaker machine. I can't swear because there's children in the room. I say it over and over again. This is what I want.

I'm doing this for myself. I'm independent. I'm fierce. I'm kind. I'm loyal.

I'm giving, and I love to share my wealth. It's a positive affirmation that makes me feel good while I'm paying my bills and in control. See, I've got more goosebumps. It's like I'm just in alignment now I have spent my whole life being not worthy. I'm not going to be not worthy.

I'm not going to spend my life not asking for what I deserve in equal exchange because my dad did not. I can forgive him for that. Because my dad also got what he wanted in life, and that was an incredible relationship with my mom, a great life with his kids and to live the way he wanted to live, and he did that. And yes, he could have done it with more ease in abundance, but he didn't know how. But I am worthy of these things and envy envy is it's the moment that you know the truth about you because when you feel envy, that is a call for you to do the work Resentful people are powerful master creators.

In the negative, you break the cycle by acknowledging your resentment. This is the moment I call a goal list. When you feel resentment, Emily blocked stuck, write a list. I am worthy of lust. I'm gonna recap your homework, and then I'm gonna answer questions.

I'm sorry I'd talk for almost 2 hours. Too many questions. You in this 1st week are coming to an awareness of the identity and old programming that you grew up with, whatever you're seeing, saying, doing, being, the questions in there are really about what is it about money that you 100% believe about yourself, where does it come from? Look at mum and dad's money, energy, which parent are you emulating, which behavior? Are you emulating, making sure that you're understanding where it comes from?

And this is not who you are. This is just away you learned. I want you to look at your money every day. I don't care if you're in horrible debt. Look at it every day until it's not horrible anymore.

And to take the shame away. You cannot move forward if a motion is stopping you and kicking you off. We are really here to feel worthy and then to understand that what ever emotion pops up is gonna stop us from activating and asking for more, and that emotion is not real, that thought is not real, you can reframe it, you can change the way you see it, say it, do it, and be it. You're gonna bring out the horrible thing until it's not a horrible thing anymore. You're gonna find somebody to talk to about your debt to take the shame away, And I want you to look at the alignment of all eight areas.

I want you to list what you want and don't want any more in each of those areas so that you can look at, really look at as an overview, how you're gonna ask for more money when you are out of alignment in this area, in this area, in this area. I want you to remember that money is a lot like weight loss. You think it's gonna solve a whole lot of problems, and it does not weight loss does not solve your problems because the problem is stuck in here, It's not the body. So you're gonna feel the same way about money. I need you to check your alignment.

I need you to check that you are not giving away money next week. I'm gonna put up some big boundaries around how you're giving money away, how you're leaking money, how you're losing money, and I'm also gonna teach you how to ask for everything on that Thrive list. So write that list at full power. I wanna see the monthly number that's for you. I want you to identify which areas you're empowered and disempowered in your life because money is not gonna fix these areas.

We're going to get into alignment with self value, and self value is going to empower every single area of our lives make sure you're preparing some questions for me. Because we want to be empowered, I want you to write that survive budget. Don't miss anything on it, nothing on it, I want you to be honest and truthful and factual. If you find yourself getting emotional, come to the group and saying, I am in deep shame right now, and we are going to help pull you out of it because you're the only one that can fix this and the only way through is to look at it. If you don't have money pain and you have apathy or you're not creating, imagine for a moment that survivalist, imagine that triplist.

If you're not excited about that triplist, you have not walked the multiverse and seen all the incredible things you can create for yourself. So I suggest you start manifesting that. Alright? Because when you look at the survive and the thrive, that is everything you allow for yourself right now. Everything you allow for yourself right now is between those two numbers.

How off are they? I need a number on what you have and what you want because that is what you're going to ask for next week. And I need you to be okay with everything you're going to ask for because it's going to come to you. I'm gonna drop all of your homework into the group this afternoon. I will also add a survey tomorrow or the next day.

This will be anonymous The survey is just to measure your progress through this coaching, but also it's gonna be a really great indicate indicator for you as to how much you're going to explode with money in the next month. Make no mistake about it. This work if you can get out of the idea of the linear steps of, growth and just understand that it's energy and it's unfolding in the moment, You're going to watch people in this group get big dumps of money in the next 4 weeks. Be the one that's asking for it. It's gonna start coming to you, and now you have to be prepared for the direction you have to give it because once you've given money direction, once you've said that this is direction, this is what I want, and this is what I'm asking for, that's gonna come.

Be ready. Alright. I will answer questions. I would love to invest in real estate to build wealth. You know, Emerald, you're gonna turn on all the types of wealth.

That is making sure that you are not leaking money, then you've got investments, then you've got, income, you know, passive income is ultimately the goal, but first, you really have to just get to a place where you're abundantly attracting an income that you can use. If you want to talk about real estate investment, talk with Nick closer, and this group, Nicky, started a real estate investment company, nearly 2 years ago, and has like, 10, 20 houses now. And I know one of them is like a complex with like 30 houses, but yeah, any investment is long term wealth. One of the best things they ever read was in 1996, there was a world, you know, financial crisis, and I was an employed photographer at the time, my boss had big trouble, it was a tough year, and I remember reading a quote that said, you know, who's naked when the tide goes out. Turns out all these years later, it's Warren Buffett, that was a Warren Buffett quote, and investors are next level wealthy, investors are investing for the long term.

There's no short term for the 20, 30, 40 years because you want your children to have a future, it's really different when you don't have children. I don't feel any desire to put any investment in 20, 30, 40 years, because I don't have kids, I would rather have that money and use it to live this life So yeah, investing is next level, and yeah, talk to Nikki because she started small, and now she's built something amazing. And get more questions. Live, personal cost of life. Oh, you're gonna do cost of life?

Yes, I'm gonna drop all of my homework in there for you. Yes, I have given away all my money. I've I've ever gotten. I just wanted to be loved. I did too, Cynthia.

I gave away my money in exchange for love, I was people pleasing with my money. I never thought twice about paying for everything and everyone. Here's a really interesting vibe. Now that I'm wealthy, I still like to do all those things. I still like to give money to people, gifts.

I still like to pay for, you know, host and pay for everything. I just don't do it out of balance for me. And something I'm going to talk about as this month unfolds is your money style. My brother is most, purposeful when he's saving. I am most purposeful when I am creating an income in order to have the life I want.

So we look at this multiple different ways, but yeah, that's a really good way to look at it. I felt your energy. Wendy, I love money coaching. And Here's the thing, I need your help. People don't need self value.

They don't even know what it is. It's not even a common phrase. They're going to know in the next year, and I want to build a self value world where there are multiple workshops for me and other instructors that are self development. But what I need is when this work starts to hit with you, I want you to tell people that you're doing money coaching because I was a photographer for, I am, a photographer, 34 years. I've been a photographer so that I could have a self value conversation with every person who sat in front of me.

13 years ago, I started coaching photographers to be how to monetize, because that's all I do is teach people how to be valuable. And then I realized that I only teach people how to be in business so that they can talk to them about monetizing and self value. Some reason, money is intrinsically tied to our self value and everything we allow for ourselves. So I have to go through money to get to self value, but at the end of the day, everything I do is gonna go back to self value. Money and love.

That's why my workshops called self value, love and money. It literally is what do you want want what everybody wants. More love and more money. That's exciting. Any other questions in there for me?

I grew up in Manny, but they tell you the trauma I sustained from the emotional neglect was horrific. So, Cynthia, that was something I mentioned early on in this session was this idea that some people are, you know, born into money, but money is manipulated Money is used, money is used for love, money is, used in the worst kind of ways. So fixing your money energy and not, you know, and acknowledging where your money energy come from as a child is amazing, but the one thing I did notice was the truth of that statement, you are either mirroring a parent in your money, or your the opposing energy because you hated the way you grew up around money. So that's a really interesting energy. Working on having better money conversations and alignment with my husband.

Jen, you cannot get anybody into alignment, this is the clearest thing, but you can you can tell them what your alignment is And they might not get into alignment, but understand the boundary around your need to be in alignment. Everybody's gonna have different value around money. So if you can find a way to communicate how you love money, how you need to spend money, and and how much money you need. And if he can do the same, then you guys can meet in the middle, And, you know, that's one of the things that you have to do when you share a life with somebody and you have to pay for things. I have no debt since doing the money well with you.

Oh, Marie, I've redone the money well. You're gonna see it next week, and I've added some very cool stuff to it. I have 6 months survival savings, but I can feel the tight fistedness. Oh, yes. So you have a fear around losing it.

That's okay, Marie. When you have tight fistedness and a fear of losing it, that's just scarcity mentality, and you're not asking for more. And I'm gonna teach you next week how to ask for a whole lot more. Does this survive and Thrive list include our business expenses as well if that's where you get your income from? Yes, it is.

Although Angela, technically, I always say 33% of my self employed income is personal, The other 34% goes into my tax account and accumulates the other 33 goes back to my business. You could separate your business that way if you have a partner that's splitting finance is and just use what you're bringing home from the business, but most self employed people aren't at that level yet anyway. So don't be too worried about it. Kate asked, what is something you do to get into alignment about what you want and what you're attracting every day? Okay.

Some people write, some people journal, some people do a vision forward, I do the multiverse in my brain. That is where I am at my most powerful, and then I have just blocks and blocks of writing paper and black ink pens, and I just scribble brain dumps scroll. Some people write, some people sing, some people walk, you know, some people create visually with pictures, whatever you do, you could do that. But once you've got it very clear what your goals are and how excited you are to bring them into alignment, you don't need to redo this. You just get up every single day and start feeling abandoned.

I didn't like my mom's attitude to money. She has a saver, but never spent on herself type fisted. I grew up with that, but after realizing that I became the opposite, that's what we do. The problem is that I feel like when I speak to my mom, it's almost feel like I'm trying to change her. Don't try and change her.

It's not your business. To help it realize that she is not happy because of the guilt she has there, and she cannot spend on herself. Although, yeah, but the thing is is that you, you think that don't worry about her, get into alignment with yourself, and she's going to see you doing that, and maybe she just can't spend on herself. Maybe that's what you want. Mine is the opposite just a, like, old money for me, photographing people helps me see and speak about self value.

That's exactly right, Tammy. I never wanted anything other than the exchange of being paid to spend time with people. And the way I naturally spend time with people is to talk about their transformation and their growth. So inevitably, I'm sitting in a portrait session talking to them about body image or self image or career or goals of what they want. And I've been here with that conversation for 30, 4 years.

I'm ready to ask for more. I want to be well and fisted. Excellent. What's the sneakiest way to tend to manifest negatively when it comes to money? It's not that you manifest in the negative, unless you're focused on drama or the problem, it's not that you manifest the negative.

What you do is you don't have clarity when you ask. So, you know, it's like worrying is praying for what you don't want. And what we tend to do is when we get into a situation where we need help, we'll say, I need help. I need rent, and I, and I need I need to get I need help to survive, and I need this much. And that much shows up for you because no more and no less.

It's that simple. It's no more and no less. So, Nancy, there's no sneaky way to manifest in the negative. If you're stuck in the negative, you're just gonna get more of the negative, but look at it like this. If you send it back, if you say how, you don't receive it, that's manifesting in the negative.

If you don't get a boundary and somebody's taking money from you and you don't stand up for yourself, that's manifesting in the negative. If you ask for what you want, but you don't have any clarity that's manifesting in the negative. If you ask for what you want, you go to get into a loan alignment and you let an old story of fear or disconnected, you know, thought come into your head that causes pain, which gets you out of alignment back into the loop, that's manifesting in the negative. So manifesting in a positive is when you sustain a focus of of alignment, sustained focus of alignment. Everything you do that's not in alignment is manifesting negatively.

Alright? Asking for more was never an option for me since my mom wasn't narcissist. It's a huge block for me. Okay. Paulina There's something we use the term narcissist a lot.

Clinical narcissism is literally a diagnosis, but you just have to understand that when I birth to narcissism, narcissism, a narcissist is a deeply wounded child. So when I look or even hear the word narcissist, I just hear deeply wounded child. Now, it's really easy for me to say that because my parents weren't narcissist. So growing up with 1 is going to be a real shy but I need you to understand for a moment that for all the pain they cause, this is a deeply wounded child. And that's where you can start to have some compassion for their journey, not what they did, their journey and their healing, and then you let it be, or you focus all of your healing on yourself.

Okay. Ellie, your live workshop was incredible. It was expensive to come from Scotland, but I listened to your money mindset talks and the money came to me everyone should do your live at least once in their life. I can't wait to hear your updated money mindset. I was a mess with money until I found you.

Ellie, I want you to understand that whenever I spend money like something like that, when you go this is expensive, I'm playing all the way from Scotland, I'm gonna stay I'm gonna do this workshop. I'm gonna fly home again. Thank you so much. It was great to see you. But just know that when I spend money like that, I ask for money to come back tenfold, tenfold, Like, I I lost money recently.

I found out that our air conditioning broke down And we we've just only owned this house for 2 years, and I found out it was $30,000 to replace it. 30 because I live in the desert, okay, and we need lots of air conditioning. And I was at $30,000 instantly. I went into that, like, instant feeling of it, and then I went stop. This is why you have house savings, you wanna fix your house, This is gonna be good for another 20 years under warranty.

And then I got past that feeling, and I said, this is gonna come back to me. This money is coming back to me. This money is gonna come back to me. It's mine, and it's coming back to me. And I started to say it And the next day, I got a note from my accountant to say that I was getting a tax refund.

And I quickly looked at the tax refund, and it was twice the amount of what it was gonna cost for my air conditioning. And I laughed and said, well, just as well, because they asked for more. You've got to keep asking for more. So, yes, you paid to come all the way from Scotland, now I would've I should've got you before you left that you could get on that plane and say, it doesn't matter that I spent this money. It's gonna come back to me tenfold.

You say it, you lock it in, and just say it as truth. That's going to happen. That's when you start to ask for more all the time. When it comes to accepting things? What are the clear and direct things you've done in your life that have helped you overcome?

Cynthia, it's waking up and coming into alignment. And getting out of the my thoughts and my feelings loop of getting stuck in that. I'm not good enough in getting into actual connection alignment. Sierra, that's so cool. Thank you so much.

Their value will become a daily language. In all areas, and I'm very excited to watch it do so. I, you know, screenshot all the Google searches to see where self value comes up, and I love doing that and watching that grow because this is a platform that will really change the world. And I hope that I get lots of instructors in this in this realm. Okay.

Do you implement more self care in your life when you become emotionally overwhelmed? I have so many wonderful things that I have asked for, but almost too much at once, to be honest. Okay. There's no such thing as asking for too much. If you are overwhelmed, you are not connected in setting boundaries and wallets.

It's that simple. There's no overwhelm when you're getting everything you want other than feeling overwhelming gratitude for getting everything you want, but for feeling actually overwhelmed is saying yes when you want to say no and doing too much when you need to set some boundaries. I can't really unravel the emotions or thoughts about my Crave parent. It's a long question. You don't need to.

You don't actually need to tell their story because remember, we don't need to share trauma stories. We need to share facts, so keep it in the fact doing it. And then that way, you don't have to unravel all the emotions about your crate parents. My father was extremely malignant, malignant, narcissist. Again, our narcissist never gave my mom 1 after their divorce.

I was fifteen. He traveled the water, and I never saw him work a day as my think he must have been some kind of grifter or gangster. It's this same tour territory betrayal. It's probably all of the above. You can definitely have wounds from all of the above, but whatever story you've told yourself about what you think he did that's the story that you're holding on to.

So the emotion around there is really the truth of what you think him to be, and yeah, you could do some healing work there with him, especially when you think of betrayal and abandonment, and shame. It's probably all 3. Coming back to me is the next step. Dawn, the hardest thing to do is come back to you and prioritize yourself. That's why I started putting myself in my daily calendar as VIP because no client could take the VIP time that I have allocated for myself, and that is the most important time.

I'm gonna leave you here. I'm gonna drop all of your homework in this afternoon. Oh, Terry. I just got one more message from Terry. So is this an old one, or is this to reply, okay, I can see that there.

I think I answered that question and it's weird that it's coming back. Oh, I see. If you put in a response. This is a whole new chat box for me, but it really worked. I'm loving Wix.

I've loved everything that they built. I hope it was easy to connect. I'm going to put the homework into the community group, and you can ask me as many questions as you want in that group. I'm really sorry that it's not on Facebook because it's easy to build a private group on Facebook, but I've been on Facebook working for 11 years, and I don't want 12 years. I don't want to be on Facebook anymore.

I like to visit it and catch up and post on my page. And chicken and make sure that there's no tags for me, but I don't want to spend time on social media. So for me, having this private community, is where I want to be. And I know it's hard to remember to come in there, but I am there. You can ask questions, go through your homework, ask me as many questions as you want, and I'll see you next week.

And I've got just as big a day planned. So be ready. And I look forward to hearing all of your questions. And I also look forward to all your light bulb moments. Please tell me anything.

Don't be afraid to ask anything. This is your life that we're talking about and your livelihood. You know, I changed my money world. I broke my poverty cycle. I have created generational wealth.

I have made sure that my nieces and nephews are now, in alignment with what they want in their building wealth too. And watching them do that is blowing my mind. Money gives you more options. Money gives you opportunities. Money means that I can have more of what I love so I can enjoy more of what I do and more of what I love.

That's all. It just gives me more choices and the only person that stops that flow is me. So when I decide that I'm worth more, look out. It's time to be more. Let's go.

Have a great week.

==== End of Transcript: Money Mindset 01 ====
