==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive Intro - What is Self Value? ====

Nikki Closser | Sue Bryce, you have a brand new self value workshop, but I hesitate to say new because this is something you have been living and developing for 20 plus years. Tell us about it.

Sue Bryce | It's the workshop I've always wanted to do. I looked for it when I was thirty, and it wasn't there. I was building my business, and I had no value and no self confidence. It was truly the workshop I always dreamed of doing. And then it became the workshop that I dreamed of writing.

Sue Bryce | So it is here finally.

Nikki Closser | So how did you get here? How did you write a self value workshop?

Sue Bryce | You know, in 2001, I went to start my own business. And I was thirty years old. I was unemployed full time employed professional photographer on minimum wage. And I knew that I had to go out there and build my own business and I really put myself out there, and I realized that I could not, sell my work. I could not put myself out there.

Sue Bryce | I had zero confidence. I also had no education, and this was my biggest sort of fears that everybody would find out that I didn't have an education. I didn't finish high school, so I certainly didn't have any education to start a business. But when I did start, it really just brought me to the altar in self value, self confidence, and money value. So I learned pretty quickly that I had no value in all of those areas.

Sue Bryce | And if I wanted to be successful in business, I was going to have to learn how to be more valuable in all of those areas. So that was my moment and my awakening. Then I spent the next 10 years just building this incredible business and finding my self value. And I really unlocked my money goals and all of my personal goals. And then I just realized through all of that, I was coming to a place of just self worth.

Sue Bryce | And I really found my value in mastery in business. And then I found my value serving people and getting paid in equal exchange, So to me, starting my business was the moment that brought me to the greatest awareness of self value.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I love it. Absolutely love it. Yeah. Well, I know you know this story, but 10 years ago, I found your education as a, you know, I was a photographer. I will.

Nikki Closser | I was a school social worker, super burned out after being a social worker for 12 years, and decided I wanted to start a business. Photography business. I had no idea what I was doing. And the next thing I know, I found you, and it wasn't about Yes. It was about learning to be a good photographer, but it was more about, just like you were saying, learning self value, learning how to value money, learning how to value myself.

Nikki Closser | And all of that is what helped me to become successful as a business owner and as a human being, as a wife, as a friend, And I swear, like, the thousands of people, thousands and thousands of people who you have taught as photographers, I think the same thing. They come to you initially for the photography. And they stay for that self value piece and just the confidence and life skills.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. You don't need to be building a business. Although, you know, building a business is a benchmark, and it's it's a real, you know, because you're obviously the exchange and management of money is one of the first energies that comes to you. And if you are not, you know, attracting money into your life, managing it, well, if you don't have money flow and money value, then that instantly going to stop your business from moving forward. But self value is more than just starting a business.

Sue Bryce | It's about finding your value in life. So it doesn't matter if you're not, starting a business, all of this program is about finding out what you really wanna do in your life, what you really wanna create for yourself, and unfolding who you really

Nikki Closser | Well, you created back in 2012. It was the ultimate course, guide everything for do you think it'll be the same for self value, but for the world?

Sue Bryce | Well, I created a workshop that I wanted to teach in person. Then as I was traveling around the world, teaching this incredible workshop, and and it was something after 2 or 3 years of teaching this workshop, it was taking me all around the world. I realized I needed to be online, and I put that workshop specifically online. And then for the next 10 years, I built a platform and coaching tracks around it. So will I do the same with this workshop?

Sue Bryce | 100% even in laying out the first 18 power talks, which is just all of my concepts, I realized that that was just such a huge amount of content So we've put those into the power talks as an introduction to self value. And then the workshop itself, the coaching tracker around it, will be available in February 2023. So just keep building this platform. I'll keep creating more content around it. And I wanna do some in person workshops this coming year as well.

Nikki Closser | Awesome. Now I know you won't take credit for this, but so much of, of this is life changing. You, you truly, what you teach has changed thousands and thousands of lives. Now, say the same about therapy? Like, do you think this is therapy, or

Sue Bryce | is it something different? Yeah. It's not therapy in the sense that I'm not a therapist. Okay. So I do stay focused on self value and what's going on in our own, you know, hearts and what's going on in our own minds because that's where we get stuck.

Sue Bryce | And although it feels a lot like therapy, it's not because I'm not a trauma specialist, and I'm not a psychologist, and And I do break down several times if you feel that you need more help in any of these verticals or any of these areas. But at the end of the day, it is a life changer, and I don't like to take any credit for that whatsoever because I always say to people, especially when I teach online, how could I have changed your life when I've never met you? But that just means that you heard my story, and then you changed your own life. And so I think, I would rather call this class a path changer than a life changer, although I know exact how it can change your life. So I do believe it does.

Nikki Closser | Well, and you also give a lot of action. You know, it's not just talking to us. You know, you give us steps and things that we can put into place. And for me, that was incredibly helpful.

Sue Bryce | I teach in bullet points. I teach in linear depth because that's how I walked my path. And all of my education is how I walked this path and how I came to self awareness. How I came to self acceptance and then how I came to self love. So I believe it really comes down to this emotional mastery.

Sue Bryce | We overcome this old story or this old self perception or this identity. We reframe it. Okay. And we see our selves in a different light. And when you see yourself in a different light, when you change your self perception, you can start creating the life that you really, really want and also just teaching people how to get into alignment with themselves, how to just process their emotions in the morning and how to start their day, just in alignment with their goals and what they want.

Sue Bryce | So that they can just wake up and just get into full power. But, really, this is about teaching people that they're not broken. We just get so stuck in our own head, in our own stupid thoughts, and we just get stuck in a loop. And I call it this rat wheel, and it's just so easy to get lost in it. And once you start to weed it all out and work out what that you really want and who you really are, that is the biggest part changer of the mall.

Nikki Closser | Can you tell us more about emotional mastery? Like, are the, you know, what are the parts of it and what you know, what is it really?

Sue Bryce | There's 4 areas of emotional mastery, 4, and it's really simple. It starts with self awareness. And then it's self management, then it's social awareness, and then it's relationship management. So The energy of any growth involves change, and that always comes with a little bit of emotional discomfort or, you know, having to try and think of a whole lot of different ways, a whole new way of thinking and doing things So we hold on all the to all of these programmed limits once we sort them out, get rid of them. Then we pretty much get real clear on what we want.

Sue Bryce | And the biggest question I ask people is what do they want? In the last 10 years, I was the most shocked to learn that most people could not tell me really what they want. They don't define it. They have not got clarity around it. If they do think about it, it's either a dream or it's too scary or too big or too far away.

Sue Bryce | They don't know how to get there. They don't believe they're worth it. They don't know how to get up every day and get into alignment of your goals and dreams, and you really have to start right back at what do you want And most people can't answer that question. So I go straight to what do you what don't you want anymore, and that is the first place you start to see that you could be living a life. That is the first place you start to see that you're doing things that you don't wanna do.

Sue Bryce | That's the first place you find out that you're a people pleaser. It's the first place you find out that you're spending a whole lot of time helping others. Get better at life and get better at business and get better and give them advice, but you're not waking up every day and just prioritizing you and creating the life that you want.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So you mentioned emotional, mastery, emotional intelligence. What are the areas of all of this. You know, what is it, really?

Sue Bryce | There's 4 areas of emotional intelligence. The first one is self awareness, becoming aware that you are constantly talking this internal monologue. You've got my thoughts and my feelings and fear. Those three voices in your head learning how to distinguish which voice they are and separate them is one of the most incredible growth things, enough is one of the most incredible skills you learn as you come into awareness, then it's self management, how you manage yourself, how you process all of your emotions, how you manage what's happening out in the world, how you're putting yourself out there, then it's social awareness, having awareness in any social situation. And then, of course, relationship management because we have to have relationships with people, and we really, just a mirror to ourselves So just really mastering all those four areas, what do I want, and really opening up to the life that I wanna live every single day.

Nikki Closser | I love that. Sue, often, you will say that the world is responding to us and to our emotions. I think that's super powerful. Will you talk a little bit about that and what that means?

Sue Bryce | Because you think that life happening to you. You think you you're always responding emotionally to what is happening, but the truth is is once, you know, you're you're human. You're always going to have an emotional response to just about anything. It's what happens next. It's what happens next when you experience something or you feel something, and it instantly becomes a thought in the mind, and that thought has an electric charge, that thought will just jump up and go, oh, this just happened.

Sue Bryce | Maybe it was threatening. Maybe it felt a little bit like rejection. Maybe it's coming through that filter of your past. So whatever you perceive is happening right now, you tend to attach to a story, an old store and a narrative and pops up. And before you know it, a simple thought has gone to an emotion, has gone back to another thought has attached to an old story, and I call that the loop.

Sue Bryce | And once you get in this loop, you're now responding to that loop. You're responding to your thought and you're responding to your feelings, and it felt like you were responding to the world. But the truth is is now that you look out into the world, everything you see is gonna come through those thoughts and those feelings. And because that filter is already set in certain narrative, maybe it's a poor me narrative, or maybe it's an ego narrative, or maybe it's an angry narrative, it's always gonna come back to that story. These people treat me like this because of this.

Sue Bryce | All of that is happening in your head. So when I say the world is responding to your emotions, you can't grow past your emotional response to anything. So as soon as you get stuck in an emotion and a thought and an emotion and a thought and it becomes that loop that you can't get out of, everything you see will respond to that emotion. And you will feel like it's happening to you, but it's not. It's happening because of you and because of the focus you're stuck on.

Sue Bryce | And once you learn how to wake up, clear out all of that emotion process it, through that filter of your past, fill it with lots of self love, and awareness, then you're going to learn that you can get into alignment in the morning every single day and then start living the way you really wanna live without getting stuck in the rat wheel.

Nikki Closser | Now I know that is a big part of your self value workshop is teaching people how to get through that old story and create a new one. Now You also talk a little bit about alignment and getting into alignment. What exactly does that mean?

Sue Bryce | You know, alignment is the magic. I always say it like this, and it's physical to me. Alignment is when I want something in my mind, and I think I wanna create this, or I want this career, or I want this house or anything. I want this holiday. Anything I wanna create, I I sort of put it into my I always say the multiverse.

Sue Bryce | I walk the multiverse of futures to see which ones to light me up the most. So for me, alignment is when I want something and I think about getting that or having that And instantly, the thought that connects to it is, oh, that feels scary or big or exciting or whatever. But if the thought says you can't have that because, or there's no way you can get that because, or block, block, block, you can't because, or no, no, no, or I don't know how, or then the emotion becomes, I can't have this. It becomes a tuning more than an excitement. It just becomes a I can't have this.

Sue Bryce | And then you go back to the thought, and now the thought is responding to the emotion. And the thought is saying, I really can't do this. And it's not fear because I really want to do this, but I can't do this because and here comes another old story. And before you know it, you're just stuck in I I call it stuck in the car. And you've got my thoughts and my feelings sitting in the dry in the passenger seat beside you riding shotgun, squawking like three year olds, and you're listening to them and you start believing them.

Sue Bryce | And before you know it, you're just constantly stuck there, and You feel like it's inaction or apathy, but the truth is it's just out of alignment. There's just so much of my thoughts and my feelings, bringing you back to your head instead of getting you into alignment so that you can start flowing and attracting the right opportunities, the right conversations, the right people, the right situations into your life. So every single day, you're going to learn how to process your emotional mastery, get into alignment with your, you know, goals and your dream. Then when you want something, you say, I really wanna focus here. Instantly, the emotion around it is this is terrifying, exhilarating but it also feels like excitement.

Sue Bryce | I'm doing it. Wow. I'm doing it. And you might get kicked off a bit and go back to the brain. If you do, just keep going because the goal here is to get into the heart.

Sue Bryce | So you gotta complete this circle. Your brains fired up. Your emotion is, oh, this is good. Then all of a sudden, this heart says, I know what I want. I want this.

Sue Bryce | I want this, and I can see evidence that it's good. I can see evidence it's working. And then up here is your focus. You show up every day focuses about clarity. It's about certainty and conviction.

Sue Bryce | It's about knowing what you are, who you are, and what you want. And you turn up to it every day because you can see evidence that it's happening, then you get back to what do I want, and it just keeps going. It's like this magic cycle energy that cycles up and you 100% can feel it. You start getting evidence that it's working, not failing. And the same way you cycle down and get stuck in the loop, you actually break it.

Sue Bryce | The loop is this way now. It's it's more of a heart alignment filled with positive thoughts and positive emotions, and then it is unstoppable. Because once you have a big mind alignment and your emotions clear and your focus is powered up and your heart focus is clear, where your heart is a magnetic energy. Thought as an electric charge, but the heart magnet, when that is activated and you love who you are, love creating the life you want, love the home you live in, love where you live, who you live with, how you create how you build your day, the team you create for yourself, your life just gets richer and better and richer and money flows because there's all areas.

Nikki Closser | Listening to you talk about all this, it's so powerful and emotional because I've been there. Like, I remember when we started doing this work, you started doing this work with me 10 years ago, and you helped me identify my story. You know, my old story that I wasn't good enough from things from childhood and everything else that comes along with everyone's old story, it kept me in debt. It kept me from finding my value, charging what I was worth, all of these things. And if you look where I'm at now, Sue, and just the transformation, And like you said, there are times when it kinda, like, rears its ugly head, but I'm so equipped with the tools now that I don't stay in that place of old story.

Nikki Closser | It's so magnificent.

Sue Bryce | You know, the crazy part is you were being a good girl. You got your college education. You got your student loan. You got a job that paid $48,000 a year, a good job at a school. You know, you're social worker.

Sue Bryce | You started an international nonprofit. You were being a good girl. You were ticking all of the boxes, and and it feels very much when I look at that, that those are the options for people. Like, this is your option. You can maybe get to a $100,000 in income or maybe you can do this if you you have this wonderful education, I was definitely coming from a completely different place.

Sue Bryce | I didn't have an education. So I was you know, mastering my craft and definitely had a craft to master. And once they mastered that craft, inevitably, I was valuable to people, and it didn't matter who they were. They could have been lawyers. They were wealthy people were hiring me to photograph them And I just felt like this poor kid that, like, imposter syndrome, and I shouldn't have been in a lot of these places, but then I realized, no, I am valuable.

Sue Bryce | I don't have to be valuable because of how I was born or where I was born or how much money my parents had or the color of my skin or the country I was born in. It was how much value I walked into the room with and how much I could hold to that core value in myself, And then I just got invited into brooms, and I was valuable in them. So to me, I really, really believe that once you, really tap into what do you want you realize that you're living with all these restrictions that you thought were rules, or maybe you just didn't know how to break out of them. And That blows my mind.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So the emotional mastery, the 4 parts of this, talk a little bit more about the social awareness. That comes with it.

Sue Bryce | This one was the one that keep coming up in questions for all of our students, and that was the mirror work to their own partners. And if you don't have a partner right now, it's completely okay. You can do this with your closest relationship. So your closest emotional relationship, it it's it's either a sibling or a best friend or someone close to you or even a parent or somebody, but, teaching people how to see themselves is a merit and the relationship is really, really life changing. Some people want to come into this work attracting a new love relationship.

Sue Bryce | And when they really, like, love who they are, then that is significantly easier. Others are actually here because intimacy and sexuality were really big and asking people how to meet your needs intimately and also asking people how to meet your emotional needs. That's one of the first things that we have to learn. A lot of people came in looking for more love, So not a new relationship, but do I end this old one? Was the biggest question because people really wanna deepen connections And how do you get into alignment with another person?

Sue Bryce | And how do you reconnect and re energize love if it's died, or if it's being neglected. So I always say to people, look at your partner or family member, whoever this person is right now, And do you see love reflected back to you? Or do you see everything you currently don't like about them? And it's so easy when we've been in a relationship for a long time to nitpick another person to constantly be pulling out their flaws But, you know, when you really look at it, it's just a mirror back to you. So maybe when you look at them, you see everything you don't like about your self reflected back in their eyes.

Sue Bryce | And that is the biggest one. It's easy to get stuck in a mindset of expectation. And forget that people cannot read our minds. And but also this breeds resentment. It breeds so much resentment when you live in an expectation that your part and knows how to meet your emotional needs.

Sue Bryce | And if you're ever just sitting there quietly agonizing over a conversation or an argument or even not getting your needs met by the one person who loves you who's committed to you, who is with you in a relationship, then you are not demonstrating self love You're not demonstrating self care. You're not demonstrating a boundary of self self respect. So This is what you need to learn. What you most resent about this person holds your greatest emotional need, and what you need to do is learn how to give yourself this greatest emotional need. When I first met my husband, I was a late bloomer, but showing up to that relationship, showing up to someone in love and seeing that reflection back to me made me realize that I wanted to show up better I wanted to be a better person for them, but I needed to be who I really wanted to be in myself.

Sue Bryce | Instead of somebody that's just trying to be a people pleaser in our relationship, the other person can feel this. And people pleases will only, you know, they're only gonna get people that treat them like a doormat, or they'll attract narcissists, because narcissists love people with zero needs, you know, because you're there to meet theirs. And I was, a people pleaser. I had to learn how to be this fully formed human being that loved who they were, that wasn't trying to be something for other people.

Nikki Closser | Can you talk more about people pleasers? Cause I feel like a lot of a lot of students, including your students, including myself, have struggled with people pleasing and just and you've also said, like, finding you as the source of love

Sue Bryce | Yes. So okay. Love comes from you. It doesn't come to you. It comes from you, and it goes out.

Sue Bryce | The people that feel that love reflect a love back to you. So when you see love reflected back to you, it's the love that you are projecting out, and it's reflecting back to you in exactly the same way. People pleasing is when we stop putting up any boundaries, or maybe we just never learned how to set healthy boundaries. The first way we become people pleases is UGP oppression, teenagers, we want to be accepted in this new teenage identity. So we say yes to a whole lot of things that we don't really want to do or you know, it's just your typical teenager just trying to find out who they are.

Sue Bryce | And then mom and dad might have a really big voice over what you should be growing up where you should work and how you should go to school. And when you don't meet your own needs and you don't know how, other people just tell you what they are. They tell you what you want, and then they tell you how to do it. And you go and you live this life. And you just wake up every day.

Sue Bryce | And there's part of you that just thinks, well, this life is what? It it could be tough. It can be easy sometimes, but the truth is is you're just not living to your fullest capacity and not living the way you really wanna live. So when you start to break down what you really want, you'll realize that that is a really scary moment because there's a lot of what you've already decided and already engaged in your life that is for other people. And you are not here to live for other people.

Sue Bryce | You are not lost either, and this is a really big one. You are here to create yourself. Not find yourself. You are here to create yourself and the life you want. You don't have to live with these limitations and these restrictions and these roles.

Nikki Closser | And and I know you use the term. Like, we're stuck in the filter of our past. How is all of that everything you're talking about related to this?

Sue Bryce | You know, I always say we do have to go back to our childhood to work out where all of our programming comes from. Where does your incredible money programming come from? Mom or dad? Where does your spending? Where does your habits come from?

Sue Bryce | Where does where does your first identity comes from, it comes from mom and dad. And if you don't grow into your own identity, you might even grow up hating this identity that you were given. You'll fight against it as a teenager. You'll search for new identity just, you know, repeatedly in your twenties looking for a sense of belonging or a sense of grounded love. You know, if your social curators did not demonstrate love or healthy boundaries or even demon straight to you, how to emotionally process arguments, or how to put themselves first, how would you have learned how would you know how to love yourself?

Sue Bryce | It really is something you learn how to do, and then you can teach it to your children but not because you're teaching them a lesson, but because you're living this way, and they are seeing it every single day. The 3rd biggest question I got from this workshop is when will you create a program for children? Because everybody there doing this work realized we should have been doing this work, you know, when we were small. And I know that all the children in my family and in my life will get this work spoken to them at a young age so that they grow up as, you know, with good self perception, and a good strong idea of who they are and what they want. Will you

Nikki Closser | talk about that shifting the self perception? Because when we've got these old stories and just all of it for our entire lives. Just how do, you know, how does this work shifting it?

Sue Bryce | I think teaching you mirror work 10 years ago really significantly changed your path. And I know that it changed mine. So I put up a mirror for everything that you're saying, saying being and doing because it's in every part of you. So when you believe something, you live through it. So when you come to a awareness, the first thing we do is bring you to a awareness of all your old programming and what your saying constantly and you can shift that language, then we bring you to awareness of this emotional response you have to these situations and you look at why you look at the filter of your past and you go, well, clearly, and then you can reframe that narrative as well.

Sue Bryce | And then we look at your emotional response to everything and all the old stories that keep getting in the car because as soon as you identify them as separate voices, you can actually get between them and you can start changing it. And then becoming aware of how much drama is in your life, how much avoidance, how much drama, and how much suffering, how much we sit around looping in pain and our rat will not getting what we want and feeling completely disconnected from life. So I really just gotta bring you to awareness of that every single day. But once you understand that you're the power and that you're the source of love, and that you are always creating. Even when you're in negative space, you are creating.

Sue Bryce | And even when you're in a positive space you are creating. So once you learn this focus in this daily ritual every single day, you come to a awareness, you process those thoughts and feelings, and then you are clear just to connect to the day and create whatever you want here.

Nikki Closser | So will you touch on? Obviously, we need to fall in love with ourselves, but what about falling in love with our future? I know that's something that is really important as well.

Sue Bryce | You can't create it unless you're excited about it and in love with it. So whatever you want, if you're resisting it, so if you have this thought, I wanna become the thing, and then the emotion around it is instantly reflected back at you in a bad way, you're going to get kicked out of alignment straight away because what you want is not gonna go past your feelings. So once you become a little bit more used to this sort of emotional intelligence being intelligent about my emotions is what am I feeling? Why am I feeling at what what am I attaching it to? Once you sort of see all of that, you actually can just get between it.

Sue Bryce | And then you realized you've been stuck in these old loops for years, and they become so much easier to break. In fact, you'll stop getting stuck there. So why is it so important to live in alignment? Because you can't create anything without it. You've gotta start with this whole new way of thinking and living in, instead of constantly being caught up in this overwhelming thought rat will and the emotions that come with it.

Sue Bryce | It just feels like a constant fight. You actually are constantly fighting yourself Once you start to clear the mind and open the heart and focus on yourself and feeling good in your skin and connecting with your body, and connecting with your income and feeling in control, feeling in control with money, filling in control with your avoidance behavior. Here's the crazy thing. You know, it's nothing to do with being in control. You've been trying to fight for control this whole time.

Sue Bryce | It's really about focus and getting out of the stuck mind that sabotages you with all this avoidance and drama and gossip and resentment because that's what holds us there. We just get hold and held in that upper part of the alignment, and we just don't complete it, and this is where we became we become angry and bitter and sick. We get sick in our body. We're resentful. We get depressed.

Sue Bryce | Suppress. We get stuck, and you get stuck. You feel like you're stuck. And that you can't move. You get stuck in a job you hate.

Sue Bryce | You get stuck in a relationship that you can't move out of. You get stuck just you get stuck with money, and it feels like then you're just constantly fighting yourself. So self value is about improving every aspect of your life because you've already decided that you're worth more. And when you decide you're worth more, you start to see yourself as more. You start to set better boundaries with people.

Sue Bryce | No. I don't wanna be hurt this way. And you wake up and you say, I don't want this anymore. And when your heart knows that that's the truth, you let go of it and you move on. So It is one of the most incredible places to be.

Sue Bryce | It's about changing the relationship that you have with money. Alright? Because money is a value metric. And if you're struggling with money now, you can create more flow in your life, by coming to self value. You can change the relationship you have with your body.

Sue Bryce | And then you can change the love relationship you have with everybody else in the world. Those three areas are the three areas that we most desire to be in alignment in and love with an abundant income flowing, you know, and in a relationship that we really love with the person we want to be with, living where we want to live. So that is the true essence of, like, getting into alignment. The resistance is the fight in the brain. And you know when you're in creation and alignment because there's no inner monologue.

Sue Bryce | There's no fight. There's no resistance in the mind. It's just and it it's not happiness. It's not a fake happiness. It's just peace of mind and an energy of flow.

Sue Bryce | You can just feel this magic and the right people show up. The money shows up. The work shows up, and it just feels like it's in alignment.

Nikki Closser | Everything you're talking about, you've seen me experience it. And it truly is magical. And Dan, my husband has said it too, We've kind of gone through it together, to be honest. And that's the beauty of of going through it yourself. It's if you have a partner who's open to it, they go through it with you.

Nikki Closser | And the next thing you know, I mean, I can look back at the goals that I had that I have achieved now, and my goals are just bigger and better and more amazing. And all of this was from working through everything you're talking about. It's incredible.

Sue Bryce | Glass ceiling. Right? That glass ceiling just keeps popping up as you grow. First, it's income. And you'll get to the next level of income and the next level of income.

Sue Bryce | I think another really big thing, for this course is no more and no less. It is a law of action that I have seen just provide 100% every single time, and it's this idea that you don't get more than you ask for. No more and no less. And you know, anybody living month to month, which I was for years that has money pain.

Nikki Closser | Right. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Completely understand no more and no less because for some reason, what you need and the bare minimum of what you need when you're in a survival, energy and a survival brain shows up but never more. And it's always just under what you really wanted. Well, it's always way under what you wanted, but it was always just what you needed to have another hard lesson next week, next month. And I lived in that pain for so many years until I broke it. I say I broke my poverty cycle.

Sue Bryce | I did grow up in a blue collar, hardworking family. And, you know, it was I didn't get that education. It was very clear to me that I was not gonna have the same opportunities as a lot of people, and that is not true.

Nikki Closser | I know so many people who are listening can relate to everything you're saying. Your all of your students, I mean, it's just so relatable. And this workshop is incredible. 36 videos in this workshop. It's finally gonna be out to the world.

Nikki Closser | And I know there are so many photographers who've had your photography education who have said, when are you gonna make it available to everyone and not just, you know, behind the photography education.

Sue Bryce | So So in January 23, I'll release the 18 power talks, but the best part was the day, the 2nd day, because I get so much feedback from everyone learning. And for me, I needed to do more deep dive So we recorded 18 more deep dives where we really break down each one of the subjects, and you can work through every vertical one at a time. Some will be faster and some, you know, might take you a little longer to work through, but I know that each talk will bring a new light bulb moment, and you just gotta take as many notes and work your way through them. They are in linear order. And then you can do the deep dive with every single one.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So the power talks will be out in January. And what's the next step for you?

Sue Bryce | I've just taught this workshop three times. I've done 3 retreats in the last month, and it was absolutely amazing to get 3 different groups all responding and to get all the feedback because it helps me develop the content more and more I woke up the next morning at 5 AM, and I could see all of my system, all of my coaching system, all of my answers, So I start filming the workshop itself in February that will be ready in March, but the cool part is is I Actually, I'm going to release the power talks first. I wanna open some in person workshops to do the same as the film's workshop in February. I wanna open some in person workshops in March in 23. So I will have the in person experience.

Sue Bryce | I'll have the online coaching track and the power talks out at the beginning of this year. So however you want to join us with the content, you can come in at any one of those levels, and we'll be there for you.

Nikki Closser | So, this is a series of 36 power talk videos. It's absolutely incredible. What what's next?

Sue Bryce | This is the introduction to self value. I did 18 power talk in 18 deep dives because people needed more information just off the power talks. The best part is is now I've written the workshop and I'm going to do that online and in person next year. So both of those will be available in March, but I just want as many people just to get into the power talks just to learn these concepts and start to use them in the everyday life And they can join us at any level for the from the power talks to the workshop to

Nikki Closser | the in person workshop next year. And you've done some retreats. Like, you have done multiple workshops and it just keeps getting better and better with your content and feedback from people.

Sue Bryce | It's been great. I've been able to do 3 in person retreats in the last month and to 3 really different groups that, one of the groups had never done this work or didn't even know what it was. And so they were bought to this work as opposed to choosing it. So it's been great to put it out there for everybody and see how everyone's consuming this content, and it's really exciting to see how much it's changing people.

Nikki Closser | I'm so happy it's gonna be out there to the world too, finally.

Sue Bryce | And the 18 videos, the power talk videos also have 18 deep dive videos that we re we recorded because people just needed more more more information right from the beginning. So you can absolutely start there and feel free to join us on any one of those three levels.

Nikki Closser | So you know, I have lived and breathed everything you've taught, which is basically this workshop for the last 10 years. And I'm so excited it's gonna be out to the world for other people to transform their lives and to achieve just that amazing life that everyone wants. It's it's absolutely incredible. I can't wait.

Sue Bryce | Yes. I want people to know that you're the poison, but you are the antidote. That is the most important part. It starts with you, self care, self love, self respect, self soothing. It all starts with you, and it comes out of you.

Sue Bryce | And I know it feels like We're not enough in this world, but trust me, you are more than enough. And I spent my whole life being too much. For everybody. So writing this content for me and helping people get to self love is truly the greatest gift that I could have ever been given. I love this workshop.

Sue Bryce | Like I said, I waited 30 years to take it. I always wanted to do this workshop for myself, and I think that they say you teach what you most needed to learn and self value is what I most needed to learn. So I know that this little uneducated check from South Auckland in New Zealand, ended up here And I know it's because of that journey. So I'm so excited to give this to the world too.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive Intro - What is Self Value? ====
