==== Start of Transcript: 11 Work ====

When it comes to finding self value through your vocation, through your work, you know, I am about to launch my rocket because I found my mastery in my business. Then it

came into the rest of

my life. It came through business and then

went into my money. And then into myself. So whoever value is gonna come into you, maybe you already think it's definitely gonna be my business, or it's definitely gonna be in my relation or it's definitely going to be in my,

you know, whatever it is. However, you think your value is going to come to you, I found my value through work. Now businesses do not have meaning. Money does not have meaning. Money creates experiences that have meaning.

Businesses don't have meaning. Only you do. A business is just a system designed to capture money, And if your business is set up right, it will be profitable and sustainable. It's simple. It's a system.

But what goes in that rocket ship? Is all of your desire, all of your energy, all of your alignment? So

look at work, look at your alignment, and really ask yourself, am I in alignment here?

This could be a job. It could be a career. It could be a business.

It could be a side hustle It doesn't matter what you're studying, and it doesn't even matter if you don't want to actually

create work. But this is specifically talking about finding your value in this space. So you can't create or create value.

You can't create anything from

a place of competition. You're in the opposing state. You can't create anything with value, and you cannot give value, make an offer of value, or work with value until you feel it yourself. Feel it yourself. Feel it yourself until you feel the value.

It's not about saying it out loud. It's feeling it.

Okay? So do something of value

or provide something of value that does.

It's incredible. Whatever it is. You desire. Let's grow. Let's make it happen.

Let's create it. Now, I always say we're gonna build a business. Build it up. Build yourself up. I always say build.

And it's actually such the wrong word. You don't build a business. I mean, grow a business. I don't say let's go. I say let's grow.

Because when you start a business, you don't build it? You don't build a structure? You grow it. Building, it implies that there's plans, a construct, boundary lines, limitations, and rules. But growing is nurturing.

Care, the

right amount of sunlight, put it in the right place. Is it fared watered perfectly? You're giving something all the tools, the light, the environment, the nourishment to grow, but not the control over how it grows.

Because you don't have that.

And every day, making sure it's cared for.

And if you want it to grow more, you put it in a bigger pot. And you give it direction.

Right? But you don't feel that way if you're building because if you're building, which can be very exciting, building is very citing for sure, but we all know it ends up being twice as much and twice as long. Right? And you're learning a whole lot about yourself. So you get up and fail, get up and fail, get up and fail.

So when you're building, it always feels like you're tearing stuff down.

And why am I so lit up by business? Because

growing my business changed everything. And I am just fascinated with this transformation. It's like an overarching theme in my life. In my business model and in my money evolution and in my confidence, transformation. As soon as I heard it, I was like, this is the work that I'm drawn to at a soul level.

We spend a lot of energy on trying to find a location instead of nourishing the natural talents that we all enjoy so much. Like, I really wanted to coach people in my teens and in my twenties, coach, but I hadn't done anything or built anything or experienced anything. So I would coach and sport. Because it was all I was doing.

I didn't finish high school. So how can you be a leader if you're a loser. But that's how I felt.

I desired the thing to become this thing, but evidence was telling me I can't.

But I spent a lot of time telling people what they should do because that's what coaches do because it's literally my superpower, but I wasn't doing it myself. So that's outspoken and uninformed. And also feeling like I'm unable to actually get a break to somehow become this amazing coach because was

a victim mentality and also hadn't done anything. I wasn't doing the work. I was just telling when I wanted to be a coach, and they were reflecting back at me that I can't. I also told people I wanted to be a coach, a spiritual leader, and a business owner, because I had very, very big dreams, and people laughed at me. And I hadn't done anything or built anything or experienced anything that I could teach

or lead Then I got into my twenties, and I could still not find this purpose. I couldn't still find that value that I talked about. Histography didn't feel like purpose. It just felt like a means to have this conversation. It didn't really feel

like I had great purposes being a photographer. In the 1st 12 years, while I was just young, I thought it was a cool job. I got to choose my hours, and I could wear whatever I wanted and hang out in photo shoots.

That was cool in my twenties. But there was no purpose.

I've been working as a professional photographer since I was eighteen years old. And by the time I hit 30,

I hated my job. I hated my body. I hated my weight, problem, battle, cycle, There it goes. And the battle with money that I was constantly losing. But I loved all of my friends,

I love my family. I had a good life. Wasn't a bad life. It was a good life. It just wasn't working.

That was the moment I knew I had to face the beast and actually go into business. And because there was no purpose in my job, That meant there was no commitment. I was not building anything or working with authentic energy to sell or attract amazing clients who love my work. I was just showing up, doing a job for other people. And I have this hardworking ethic, and I hustle and I'm loyal to death, but it wasn't for me.

It was for them. No one will work in your business like you will. So you are not waiting for your purpose to show up. You're not waiting for your purpose to present itself to you. Like, I wonder what it is.

It's gonna be so great when it arrives. It's right in front of you. Go to the mirror.

It's waiting for you, you know, to step into your value and start doing it. The purpose is you.

Why are you building this business? You. Why are

you doing this journey for you? I choose you. So I built a business that I wanted to go to, and people didn't laugh at me anymore. And then I built a really cool business and a profitable and sustainable business. And people said, how did you do that?

And I said, well, let me tell you how because I'm a coach. To my core.

And when someone treats you like you matter, you start to believe that you matter, and belonging is acceptance is love. But people won't treat you like you matter until you do,

and it takes one person to see you. To see your potential.

And all you need to do is look at their face, and you will see belonging and value and importance reflected back in their eyes.

And that is when you know you are giving value. Abscessively, spent 10 years mastering Minecraft. Let me tell you

a little bit about mastery. It does not matter who you are or where you come from, no one can take your mastery away from you. I'm Malcolm glad while that

10000 hours of mastery and you can't fake it.

You gotta do the quality time.

But that's how I found my value. I finally had something of value to offer the world. That I've thought was valuable, and you have to find yours. Find your thing that you're offering the world my jaws, but it's you. I'm just gonna tell you it's you.

My block around my education not

having an education, that block that I carried around not being able to, you know, create a business. I actually had more of a fear that you would think

I was stupid They're not good enough.

And you, I wasn't stupid. I just didn't finish high school. It's not because I was stupid.

There were other circumstances. But the shame we each feel is true for us, regardless of that stupid story. And the shame isn't our enemy, It's the guiding light to your truest power, so bring it to the light. You know, I stood up there, on the world stage, that live audience, my first international broadcast,

and I thought about what I was about to do. I was about to walk out on stage and tell thousands of people in my own industry, how I built a business

with 0 education And suddenly, I was paralyzed by fear.

I stood there, and I went, what was I thinking. I'm gonna be flayed up here.

I went straight to eight mile. I put my speaker in my ears, and I just went to lose yourself.

In the music, in the moment. I'm trying not to throw up mom's spaghetti. Listen, I'm sitting there just going through it And I remember that scene when he was on stage, and he got up on stage. And in his rap battle, he said everything that you could totally take him down for and then said, what else have you got and threw his microphone down? So I walked out that day, and I said, My name is Sue Bryce, and

today I'm going to show you the

business that I built. And some of you won't like it, and that's okay.

I'm actually here to show you how I built a successful business with so much love and joy. And this is who I am and what I do. I have no education, and I am a hack. I got 11,000 followers that day.

I just stood up and told everyone that I had no education and that I'm a

And I built this business, and it's the business of my dreams.

And I told them why I love doing it so much and how I did it. And that was in 2012, and the rest is history. Because mastery gave me the value I did not get from education. And gratitude and kindness and always keeping strong boundaries around what I give and take. Constantly resetting the boundaries around equal exchange constantly resetting my boundaries, always growing myself, always learning, always growing my business and always reconnecting to myself, what I want in my business, in my daily ritual of self value every day, the more I infused myself with value, the bigger

and more abundant my business became. And I

have been self employed now for 23 years. I often joke that I'm gonna create a workshop called becoming self employed.

But the truth is it would just be called becoming Because I'm actually more interested in the mindset that you learn and have to shift in order to be self employed.

Like, the self value flags that come up around pricing yourself, networking yourself for the first time, calling yourself a business owner. That's so much drama. Selling, creating systems, money blocks, money management, people management, taxes, wages, contracts, equity partners, equal exchange, service, every one of these learning curves are just attached to your self value and how you put yourself out there and what you see getting back And so I will teach you this because from today, your daily ritual, and you have been called Your soul has been calling you to grow. You have been called to self love. No one should ever be stuck in a job.

No one should be wilting and dying. You are as free as you believe you are.

Whenever I employ anyone, a contract.

They're a full time employee. I'm always amazed that people come to an interview with me with this energy of I put my best foot forward. I certainly hope they pick me. Try this instead. This is how powerful value is.

If you're going to pitch something or you're gonna interview or you just want a connection, look at somebody and say, How do I bring the most amount of value to you as a boss? Anybody who went to business in here is just like, imagine if somebody asked me that,

oh, how can I bring value to this business? And then listen. Because that person will tell you their highest values, and if that aligns with yours, you've got the job. And

that's what I want. I want people to ask me

where the value is so that they know where my value is. And that is the most important thing you can do. Then I did exactly the same thing for my clients. How do I bring more value to you? And I would listen.

And they would tell me the highest values.

And then I would provide that. And if your career path is unclear or you had babies you've still got babies, you haven't started anything or you just starting to look at creating a side hustle or a business, but between bay having babies and going back to work, if that's all too big, just know you can reinvent yourself in this space whenever you want. You can create yourself in this space whenever you want. You can study online. You can set up an online business and make money while you sleep.

I know. I teach tens of thousands of people how to do this. And in the last 10 years of coaching business, I see a lot of people wanting to start a business I've seen thousands find it, find freedom. And if you desire to be successful in any field, find your joy and then find your mastery and then find your value in that field. Find your joy and then find your mastery and then find the value in that field.

And run towards it like your life depends on it because would you rather be saving yourself or wilting and dying? You know, if you desire a sustainable, profitable business, do everything in your power to learn about money and change your money value and learn equal exchange. That's how you do it. You will need to bridge the income between your old job and a new business Find the way. The only way you can do that is to fill the change with so much joy that abundance keeps flowing to you.

Otherwise, you get stuck and you get kicked off course, find a way.

I once had a student ask me if it

was acceptable to write trophy wife, on her highest priorities and career goals. I said,

Can I challenge that?

And everybody in the room went

And I pulled the face, and she instantly looked judged. And realized she'd sit in front of all those people. And I said, oh, honey, I'm not here to judge you.

I'm here to make your dreams come true.

I said, but may I ask one thing? Do you really wanna be a trophy? Why don't you just write a loved rich wife? And she is now a very happily married, loved, very rich wife. How many of you thought that was gonna go the other way?

Oh, that was your judgment. That means you already judged her for wanting to be a rich wife as a career. How do you judge anybody else for living their dreams?

Sounds like shame. You might have thrown a shame sticker at her. And everybody in that room threw

a shame sticker at her. In fact, I

was about to throw a

shame sticker too. Until they saw everyone else through theirs.

In the standing in front of those people, I went. That's not a shame sticker you're getting from me, girlfriend. You can have whatever you want. It's yours. It's not mine.

You want that? That's your singular focus. Focus on it every day. I hope you get a really good partner.

It's the truth. We judge ourselves. We judge what we want. We judge it when we don't get it. We judge we're guilty of not doing things

that we should be doing. We have these complex emotions that don't make sense. Because if you decide that you want something, whatever it is, to be a rich one, what it doesn't matter. It's not my business. If you truly want that in your heart of heart, you will go after it.

Your job is to fill that desire with so much enthusiasm people will not only get out of your way as you skate past,

that's momentum The focus and emotion is so powerful. There are no naysayers in alignment. There's no inner monologue in the creator room, no ego? Success is becoming what you want to be. And is attained by applying your energies to your work, and you will apply your energies in exact proportion to the intensity of your desire.

Wallace Waffles. The science of getting rich. That book freed me. You can hear it in my audio. It's free.

Download it.

Love, body, money, work, your spiritual life, your physical self, your family, friends, your community, all of these areas of your lives, all of these areas of our lives, where do you find the most amount of value? And where do you feel the most disempowered? Which areas am I empowered and disempowered and overpowered? Remember, you are not here to find yourself. You're here to create yourself.

Let's start with self awareness and self acceptance and let's create our powerful daily ritual.

==== End of Transcript: 11 Work ====