==== Start of Transcript: Coaching 03 - Self Discovery ====

Oh, I am becoming. I love this coaching series, and the spirit starts to get really exciting for me because I know that I spend a lot of time at first telling us what we're all doing wrong, and now I get to start telling you what you can start doing right. And self discovery is really about unfolding who we are and what we really want. So This video is about walking the multiverse of possibility to see see what truly lights you up. Remember, your power mantra I am the purpose.

I am the poison. I am the antidote. I am the power. And stay focused on I am the purpose. Okay?

You are the poison and you are the antidote, you're asking, you're receiving, you're creating your manifesting, and you are always the antidote to your purpose, to your, the antidote to your, poison. But, you know, I am the power and I am the purpose is 2 very powerful things to say. And the reason I want you to stay focused on you are the purpose is you cannot manifest for someone else. You cannot get into alignment for someone else. And unless what you're doing for someone else truly lights you up in your life's purpose.

You cannot create that for someone else. In fact, once you learn that you are the purpose, you are the purpose, then you create what you want for you, and that benefits everybody else around you. So a lot of people tell me they don't know what they want. This is about unfolding what it is that you really want. And if you're unsure and you're filled with inertia or you're bored, people tell me they're bored or they have this sort of stuck apathy.

I'm stuck. It's apathy. I can't move forward. I'm bored. I'm empty.

I seek avoidance behaviors because I'm bored and empty. I think we should cancel board because when I was a child, I used to say to my mom, I'm bored, and my mom would look at me and she'd say, stupid people are bored, you're creative. Go and create something. And I would go, ah, okay. And I'd go and make something.

I'd go and craft something. I'd go and paint something. I'd go and draw something. And inevitably, I would get lost in creation. And she said that to me, from when I was a little girl, and I would just go and create.

So I'm going to call out board, and I'm going to replace it for, fulfill I am unfulfilled. Oh, we don't say that, though, do we? We say bored or apathetic, or I feel frustrated or I feel stuck, but I'm gonna say unfulfilled to feel unfulfilled is is as bad as wilting. Wilting is doing something you don't want to do, and wilting means dying. So unfulfilled to me, you wanna live unfulfilled?

No. When you feel unfulfilled, you look fulfilling, and you fill your mouth, you fill your lungs, you fill your pleasure centers, you fill it with things that make you feel good because you're unfulfilled and you're constantly looking for filling. When you feel resentment, when you get stuck in fear and self doubt, you are stuck in your own head, the world is not doing this to you. You're simply stuck in thoughts and feelings. And when you get stuck in your head in the loop, your thoughts and old stories turn into big emotions, and then more old thoughts come up and old stories and then more emotions.

And you get stuck in a repetitive loop and that is not alignment. That means you're stuck in old stories. There is no loop in the multiverse. It's unlimited potential. You can simply dream in this space and imagine yourself doing, having, being, and simply feel what it's like to walk each path.

I would call this daydreaming. And in my young life, I lived in daydreams, but now I I realized back then that I was living in a daydream of I can't have this, so I'm fantasizing about it. And it felt like a fantasy. But the multiverse is really just a chalkboard, an empty blank board that you can fill with whatever you want and just explore this idea, this thought work, explore it, feel each path, and feel what would feel good to you. Because when we get stuck in that loop, in that brand stuck in our head, we seek pleasure to get out of it.

And that's what we call misaligned self care. Alright? We look for dopamine hits because that's avoidance. So when people say, what is self sabotage? This is it.

Avoidance is self sabotage. But, hey, when I'm down, cake works. When I'm down, a glass of wine, a bottle of wine, two bottles of wine works Oh my god. Fill in the blank. It doesn't matter what you put in the blank.

Whatever you go to as avoidance is pleasure seeking, and that's okay. Until you realize you're doing it to feel good to avoid what you didn't want to feel over here, all all pleasure seeking works because it alleviates pain until it doesn't work. And then you have a new problem, don't you? I'm drinking 2 bottles of wine a night. Oh my goodness.

This is now the problem, then you fight the problem. These problems become our personas. And then we think we're bad people, and we're in the wrong fight, but this is not who you are. This is just something that you do to feel good. So I'm just bringing up the loop right now because I want you to know that when you're stuck in that head space, you can get out of it by seeking pleasure.

You can get out of it by seeking self care and self soothing, but misaligned self care is not stress relief. Okay? It's sorry. Misaligned self care is just stress relief because the stress relief this avoidance behaviors, they become addictions, and then we fight the addiction, we don't don't fight the behavior, fulfill the need in you, fulfill the need when you start to fulfill your needs you no longer avoid your life. So stop analyzing your avoidance behaviors.

Stop fighting them, facts, acceptance, facts. When I'm stressed out, I overeat. That's a fact. If I wanted to write a novel about the trauma I go through, not wanting to eat, overeating, hiding, eating, binge, eating, you know, everything I've done with food in all of my young life, I used to hide, blame. And, really, it was just stress relief.

That is a fact all they had to do was find a better stress relief, right, find a better stress relief. So stop analyzing your avoidance behaviors Stop fighting them. You're just fighting yourself. Acknowledge them. This is how I stress relief.

Accept it. Find another way to self care and self soothe that's not repeated at harmful behaviors that make you feel like a failure. Right a list. In your homework, write a list of all the things that you love to do that bring you joy and pleasure that is not the harmful behavior that stuck in. And when you find yourself in need of stress relief, go to that list.

And if that list is not hitting any of any of the buttons for you, then go and eat the cake or drink the wine or whatever, but just acknowledge why you're doing it. Don't get stuck and that this is who I am. Because when you're in the loop, once you start to think, feel, think, feel, think, feel. You're not in alignment down here. You're stuck up and you kid.

I see 3 really strong cycles in the loop. Alright? And please tell me as you're doing your homework, if you find more, or if they correlate to one of these inside the loop is fear. Fear. Fear.

I wanna do this. But it can't because fear fear fear fear fear fear fear is instinct. Right? It's one of your base emotions, but it hardwired into your body like instinct. It never leaves the car.

We know this. So what you really have to deal with is what is the base of fear and fear is reject I believe I'm going to be rejected doing this. Now if you have past rejection set in your old story, then that's just gonna keep coming up Remember, you tried this once you got rejected. It was bad. Rejection, remember is in the top 5 of all things we fear, like being killed by a wild animal.

Or being buried alive. Yes. Rejection is in the top 5. Human beings hate being rejected because it means death to us. Because at a biological level, we know if we're outed from the tribe, we will not survive.

So when you feel fear, don't analyze fear. Fears in the back trying to keep you safe. I want you to analyze the rejection. What is it about this rejection that could possibly hurt me? Will I be destroyed if this person rejects me?

If this job rejects me, you know, and what would they feel like if they say no because I'm going to experience rejection and I will survive it. So if that's your overarching sort of cycle in your loop really questioned the rejection. Also, the second one is ego Ego is comparison. We contrast and compare constantly, contrast and compare. She's younger than me.

She's thinner than me. She's wealthier than me. She's prettier than me. She's more vibrant than me. She's not prettier than me.

She's not. We're constantly contrast and can peer, your brain does this. Everybody's brain does this. But the ego is the identity that wants to survive that flares up when you feel a bit rejected or you feel stuck, your ego starts to whisper things like you're better than them. You should have more than them.

Why do they have more than you? And there's envy? And then there's resentment. And then you're stuck in a loop of they have this and I don't have this and they have this and that is pure ego and comparison acknowledge the ego. I'm over inflating myself right now because I my ego wants to survive, which means it wants to come out on top.

It wants to be better. It wants to survive. Listen. Listen. Observe the way you'll thinking in your ego, listen to envy, listen to the voice of resentment, listen to it.

And then the 3rd cycle that I see that people are constantly in the loop is self doubt. Self doubt is a narcissist. Self doubt is the core of it, I think, is shame. It's I'm not good enough. I'm not good enough to do this.

And I'll get into self doubt and I'll get into shame. And, you know, for the people that experience a lot of self doubt and a lot of shame, I would love to ask, are you somebody that goes to their avoidance behaviors very quickly and you have shame around your avoidance behavior? Because I did for many years had so much shame around my avoidance behavior around the behavior that I created in order to, you know, stress relief. I would have all the shame around how I was eating and what I was doing privately and and how my body was reflecting that pain and that shame. And I would get stuck in that self doubt.

So we understand that we're in this head loop and the thoughts and the feelings are responding and they're more thoughts and old stories and then the feelings, these feelings stop us from moving forward. The feeling stop us from asking for more, these feelings stop us from getting into heart alignment with anything because they're so stuck in the superficial of what you don't have, which is attracting more of what you don't want. So these feelings stop us from moving forward. Remember, your thoughts, the rocket in your fuel and your feelings is pretty much well, your thoughts is the rocket and your feelings is the fuel that goes in your rocket and when and when you feel negative and you feel like you can't have something you're trapped in fear and ego and self doubt, your thoughts will keep coming back as rejection comparison and shame, and then you'll keep creating narratives that are worse and worse and worse or your ego's gonna over inflate and you're gonna get really confused about why you are not succeeding in life when you know you're better than everybody else I say that from complete truth because that's how my brain used to work before I started to create the life I wanted.

I would blame everybody else for me not having the life I wanted. So acknowledge and feel all of these feelings. You don't need to avoid them. You'll say they're just feelings. You can journal them, video them, write them down, and then you can go for a walk and clear your brain as quickly as you can.

And come back to the multiverse of creation because if you're stuck up here in your brain, you're not creating in that multiverse to break the loop you have to name it. So to break that loop when you can't break it, name it, name the emotion, identified the thoughts that are driving the emotion, but name it. Is it fear? Fear of rejection? Because it's easier to say instead of saying I'm stuck.

I'm frustrated. I'm this. Say, I want this, but the first thing I feel is fear. Fear of rejection. You can deal with that.

Get you can't deal with stuck and frustrated because you're not identifying what it is that you're experiencing in this stuck thought maybe it's self doubt. I don't feel good enough. Okay? I want this, but I don't feel good enough. I feel not worthy of asking for this, not worthy of receiving this.

Oh my gosh. I realize now I feel self doubt because I don't feel good enough. So deal with it. Name it. Shame.

I have been not good enough in the past. I'm carrying the shame with me. I don't need to now. Shame, you know, guilt is self correcting. So turn your shame into guilt and correct it.

Instead of shame being, I'm a bad person, and that's just a shame tattoo you wear for life. I'm not worthy of asking. Name it. Name it so you can break it. It's like confronting that truth in yourself identifying what the what the feeling is so that you can just get a little bit of gap between that thought and that feeling and that old thought and that feeling and just stop and say, oh, oh my gosh.

I'm in self doubt. I'm in self doubt. Okay. The last one, ego. I'm in comparison.

I'm in envy. I'm in resentment. I'm in my ego. I'm over inflating myself in order to make myself feel worthy I'm overinflating myself to belong in the room, but nobody wants to be around overinflated egos because that's not your authentic cell. That's your competition, and comparison is competition, and creation is the opposite to competition.

So if you're in your ego and you're in comparison, you want to survive. And I understand that, but you've got to acknowledge your ego. Name it. And after you name that loop, what it is, question it. Don't question.

Don't question anything else other than what it is you have to deal with rejection, okay, shame, right, or ego. And then then you can start to see that you're simply stuck in this loop of thought and emotion. That does not serve you, and then you can start to break the loop, but you can't break the loop until you name it. Download your homework and let's identify our avoidance behaviors. Name them and bring them to the light.

If there is a motion, bring it to awareness because this behavior has become a thing, and I don't want you to fight this behavior anymore. I want you to accept it. This is the behavior you choose or you choose when you can't move forward. It's your stress relief. This is the behavior you go to when you need that stress relief, and it doesn't matter what your poison is.

It's poison because it's such a temporary relief and it's followed by intense hate and self criticism, but you chose this. It's okay. It's okay to explore this. And bring this to the light. Remember you chose it.

It was forced stress relief. It's misaligned self care, and we're going to fulfill the need with real self care with what you really want. So let's walk the multiverse. You're gonna love your homework for this video. I call this dream walking.

And I will either sit or I'll go for a walk or I'll drive, and I imagine different parts for myself. I could just start seeing myself in future scenarios. At first, it's physical. It's aesthetic. What do I look like in this future?

What will I have in this future? What am I wearing in this future? What am I doing in this future? It starts off very materialistic. It's what I have.

But as you start to really, really enjoy working the multiverse and realize that you're just creating with thought seeing something in the future that you're like, I'm going to follow that path and bring this reality to me, you start to realize you can bring this future to you. And you just gotta find the ones that start to light you up that you really wanna go back to, you start to shift the dream to what does this feel like. To have this? What would it feel like to build that? What would it feel like to create this thing What would it feel like to live like this?

And it's the feeling that drives you. So who am I in this future? Where do I live? How do I feel in this home? Where do I work?

Who do I work with? What do I create, make, sell? What does that feel like to have all of those things. Your emotions are your limits. So let's soothe our emotions and open up options on our path forward.

Stay with the lesson. You're simply identifying What it is that you do when you get stuck in your head while you can't move forward and then you're starting to explore a multiverse of unlimited potential, enjoy your homework, take your time, unfold your path. It's not something you have to become. You're already are this, you have the desire already inside you, unfold it. This is resetting your path.

This is alignment. Spend time here. Don't worry if you have to rewrite that multiverse list every single day. You're just looking at more options.

==== End of Transcript: Coaching 03 - Self Discovery ====
