==== Start of Transcript: Coaching 08 - Daily Ritual ====

So to get to alignment every single day to reconnect every single day, I created a daily This is my daily ritual. And a daily ritual when it's done every single day is so powerful. And I know that all of you have different priorities at home. So adapt yours to fit your lifestyle, but I just wanna talk to you about my daily rich till first. When I wake up in the morning, the first thing I say is god gave me another day.

What will I do with it? I absolutely started saying that about 8 years ago, my dad came over for a trip from New Zealand to stay with me. And he'd just been to his old uncle's funeral. And he said that his wife, said that he had a massive heart attack And when he was in his, later sixties, and he survived it. And every single day, he woke up and looked at her and said, sure.

God gave me another day. What shall we do with it? And it was like this gift. And then they said that every day for another 10 years, and then he passed away. So from this that day on, my dad told me that, and I wake up every day, and I try and repeat it to myself because it's not only gratitude.

It is I did get another day, and I can choose what do I do with it? So the rules are it doesn't matter when you do this in your day, if you can do it in the morning, then obviously that's gonna be the best time, no email, no social media, no TV. So no news. That's it. Just until you clear your mind and your physical space because all of those things, they're just going to take your attention away.

And all of those things, social media, email, you know, just television, they all want something from you. Mostly they want your time, but there will be requests and demands for your time, And you get lost straight away, no email, no social media, no TV, family needs only until you clear your mind, and clear your physical space, clear and prepare your physical space, step 1, clear my mind, number one, process yesterday's emotions. That's how I manage myself. I have to process what ever I'm waking up with. And if I'm waking up with yesterday's emotions, I need to process what they are.

Number 2 is prioritize my time. Why? Because I am a VIP. I am the VIP. I am the priority in my life.

And number 3, I write an action list to prioritize my day. Once I've done those 3 things, whether I'm journaling something or stuck on a problem, I'm going to break it down. I'm going come back to love. I'm gonna return to love in my processing, and I'm going to, you know, spend time journaling whatever. It doesn't matter.

Sometimes I have nothing to journal. I'm stuck and I can't move on, I need to call a friend and speak it out. Because when I speak it out, I come to much faster awareness. Writing is incredible, and I love to write, but when I speak out the problem, it's like I hear the emotion, and I feel myself say it. And then I'm like, oh, that's it.

And I can get to my triggers, and I can get to my points very quickly. So the reason that I create an action list for my day is solely to prioritize my time. And that's when I started taking my calendar and doing my priority list for the day and putting VIP clients. Whenever I wanted time for me. Now, I've put 6 areas, and the 6 areas are work, although I've put create because I don't work, I create.

So, okay, I'll go create slash work, move. So it's about moving your body. However, you like to do it, Whether it's walking, whether it's running, whether it's lifting weights, whether it's dancing, it doesn't matter. It's just time to move your body, friends, and social, they're together, you know, anything that you like to play, hobbies, special interests, there together, I put spouse and family in the same in the same area just because you're really just choosing where you're spending your energy and your time, and it's either gonna be spouse or family, right? And then self care is number 6.

And so I want you now to look at those 6 areas and say the reality is you get to do 3 a day. Really, you only get to do 3. So which 3 are you going to prioritize? And which 3 will you prioritize today? So stop saying I don't have time for.

Because we put all this pressure on ourselves to be something, and then we agonize when I should be going to the gym. So I don't want to go to the gym. I don't prioritize going to the gym. And instead of saying, I don't have time to go to the gym, I need to start saying it's because they don't prioritize it because they don't want to go. That's why you don't need discipline.

Working out, if you love moving your body a certain way, you don't need to force yourself to go or get into cognitive dissonance over not going. So stop putting pressure on yourself to do things you don't actually want to do. So a lot of people ask, well, if I only get to do 3 of those a day, can I work, move, play, and self care with family and friends? And, yes, that's called working through your highest values. It's the best way to live.

I don't have time to go to the gym. My kids need me. I've heard this before, so I say, Well, move joyfully with your kids. That's working through your highest values to get what you want. There is always a way.

Stop failing to live up to your own lack of joy. You don't wanna do it So find a way to do it that is joyful to you and stop agonizing over the things you should be doing, should a woulda coulda prada. I book VIP VIP or body time every day just for myself. I started to do it maybe in about my 4th year of business, I just started to take out 30 minute today, and I put VIP client. It doesn't matter who's looking at my calendar.

I can look at them and say, I'm available until 3, and then I have a VIP client nobody takes that time. That's why it's VIP time. Then I realized when I started my business that I'd stop moving my body I'd stop doing martial arts. I'd stop moving in a joyful way. I was not going to the gym membership I paid for because I didn't want to go.

So instead, I started to book body time. I call it body time. I put a yoga mat in my lounge And I said for 30 minutes a day, I'm going to show up to that mat. It doesn't matter if I read a book, if I meditate, if I stretch, It doesn't matter. I just have to make the time to self care my physical body.

With movement. Sometimes I danced. Sometimes I did full weight workouts when I felt strong. I started yoga. I did Tai Chi.

I did all of this on YouTube on my TV. I could do any workout if it if I felt like I wanted to do one or I could just lie in Sebastian and meditate, but giving myself that time prioritizing it, making it my daily ritual meant that whatever I needed that day was going to get taken care of in body time. And it's too easy, isn't it? To say go to the gym today on your to do list, but I don't wanna go to the gym. Go to the gym.

I don't wanna go, but you should go but then I feel bad that I didn't go, but I pay for it. That's where you should go. And you're just constantly fighting something you don't wanna do. Whereas I just keep tuning up to my mat every day, and I've found out a whole lot of really cool things, like I can shuffle Like, I really can shuffle, and now I do it at parties and it freaks people out, especially young ones because I'm an old lady, and I can really shuffle. I did this by just simply following joyful movement, doing what I wanted.

You know, whenever anybody asks me if I'm doing something and I look at that calendar and I see that VIP time, and I say I can't, or I will give you this much time, or no, I can't on this day because I have a very important VIP client, that afternoon. Every time I set a boundary by using myself as the VIP client, I smile inside. And I want you to do the same because it's almost like you take it away from you. You put it into there you've I've almost made it someone else. And it's kind of like when somebody says, can I have that time, I look and think, oh, and I think about what I would be giving up in that VIP time where I get to actually do what I want for an entire hour, then I set that boundary really easily?

So as you do it, I want you to look at people and say, I can absolutely give you time on Tuesday until 2, and then I have a VIP client for the afternoon. And I want you to walk away and just smile. Like, smile and say, you know what? You just prioritized yourself. Coolest thing to do.

You know, then I list my top 3 priorities for work that day. 3. And just like the areas of life today, your priorities for work is you get three priorities at a time. Any more is overwhelming and you're getting ahead. And at that point, you're starting to negotiate fun things on the list and pushing less fun things down, you get 3 priorities that are the most important things.

Focus on getting them done. Delegating work you need help with, outsourcing what you don't like doing, okay, what you don't want to do, outsource find a way, I can work with intensely productive 2 hour blocks, even 90 minute blocks by doing this. 3, 3 priorities for work, delegate, outsource, then the next 3, but only 3 at a time. Okay? Trust me.

It works. Then I clear my space. This could be literally or metaphorically. I prepare my space. If you're driving to work, you know, I want you to just be in the car, prepare your space.

K? Pre prepare your workspace when you get there. Prepare your energy to work walk into this work. Ask yourself. Do I love who I work for?

Do I love who I work with? Do I love what I create? If your answer is yes to all three of those questions, enjoy your incredible day because those three things are our highest values Money is 9 on the list. Those three things are what connect people So for me, when I hired my staff, I think of those 3 things, I want to honor them and respect them I want them to love working for me and being in this incredible team, and I want them to love what we create. That's how I've built powerful teams in business.

These are our highest values. So to me, clearing my space is I'm self employed, and I work from home. So I wanna organize my space because I want it to be clean and ready to go. I want my creative space to be a space that really inspires me. This is so important.

I see people working in home offices that are just dumping grounds and cluttered empty them. Clear them out, put something beautiful in their artwork, plant. It doesn't matter. A beautiful chair. You know, go, op shopping and get just a cheap old, beautiful chair and put it in there with pillows, whatever, make your creative space clear No different than do I love who I work for?

Well, I'm self employed. Do I love who I work with? Well, I'm self employed. So do I love what I create? So make that space beautiful.

It changes your energy. It's really changes your life. And then I activate on the action list that I've written. So when I say I activate, there are 3 priorities on there for work that I have to activate that usually involves contacting someone emailing, booking a call, or something like that. Then I go to my delegate and outsource because this is what is so powerful about my day.

Once I've got my 3 priorities locked and done, I've delegated, I've outsourced, My focus is setting expectations and communicating boundaries, setting expectations and communicating boundaries. There's no discipline in here yet. The only discipline comes up when it's time to maintain your boundaries. That's why you have to be a VIP client. You have to be the most important person on that calendar in order to prioritize yourself.

So I delegate to manage my time I delegate to grow, and I delegate to ask for help. And in fact, when I think about it and when I wrote this, I could not delegate. I was the worst delegator at first because it felt too much like I was asking for help, and I could not ask anybody for help. Let's say a little prayer for the people pleaser that used to live in all of us you've got to learn how to ask and delegating is asking, giving jobs away, and letting people do them. I also used to over control and micromanage instead of asking and letting people help me.

I outsource jobs that I don't wanna do anymore. I employ the help of others, and I create systems that prioritize and support me in my life. That was so hard to do, but I realized there was a whole lot of things that I hate doing. And guess what? Somewhere, there's someone that literally loves doing the things you hate doing.

And they want to do them for you with love. You've got to learn how to let go And part of learning those boundaries is learning that you've just say yes to a whole lot of things you really don't wanna do anymore. And other people can help you do them. Sitting expectations to my friends, to my family, to my partner, to my clients, to my staff, to my colleagues. I can give this much time.

I can give this much money. I am available for. I can create this. I can give this. I can support you this way, but clearly setting expectations with beautiful boundaries so that people don't just run all over you.

I communicate boundaries. Be honest about what you need. Speak clearly to people. No games. No manipulation.

Speak with love. Ask from worthiness. Communicate your needs. Take responsibility for your emotions say no when you don't want to do something. Say, I'm sorry.

I have a prior commitment I'm sorry. I have a VIP client. You don't even have to say sorry. No is no. You don't need to explain why.

That is how you communicate your boundaries. That is how you set expectations That is how you demonstrate boundaries. And then I connect. I connect. I connect to what I create.

I connect to the people I create with. I connect to the people I create for. I connect to why I create. If you can see my goosebumps, I know you can because we're filming in 4 k. That's how much every cell of my being believes in that statement.

I have cleared my mind. I've taken care of yesterday's emotions, and I have prioritized my day. Whilst I was prioritizing my day, I was prioritizing me in that day, not prioritizing everybody else's needs, I was prioritizing mine. Then I wrote that action list knowing I needed help so I delegate knowing I need better systems over here so I outsource knowing that I'm going to get these three things done with joy. And then I clear my space.

I prepare my energy. I prepare where I'm going to create and then I set those boundaries and I set those expectations of my time and what people are gonna get from me today. Because then they all know what they're gonna get. Everybody has their boundaries set, and I can meet your needs and mine provided yours are not greater than mine. But that final one, the connecting Now it's time for me to create and I connect to what I create.

I connect to the people I create with I connect to the people I create for and I connect to why I create. I connect to the people I live with. I set myself up for the day and send them off empowered and excited for their day. I connect to what I create, why I create who I create with and what I make. I prioritize myself to choose how I want to spend my time And when I started to prioritize my calm and my peace of mind and my mental self care, I felt strong inside when I started to nurture my wants and my hobbies and my money flow and my career and my business, I started to feel like a powerful creator.

And when I started to book time for me and prioritize myself, I realized I didn't focus on what I didn't have anymore because I got to enjoy what I did have. Today, I choose to prioritize me. I choose to be at peace. I choose to laugh more, and I choose to give with a big, full heart. And I have so much to share and I love to receive what I'm asked for because that's gratitude.

I choose love. I choose to be loved. I choose to feel everything. I choose to be present. I choose to listen to people with love.

I choose to speak with love. I choose to learn and giggle and sing and play and act like a child. I follow my curiosity and I choose to pamper myself and love myself and I choose to accept myself. Who I really am inside. And I choose to enjoy my body, and I choose to feel free.

And I choose to ignite my creative passion every single day because it's exhilarating, and I choose to take time out to replenish and be an introvert and I choose to read a book and learn, and I choose to make a beautiful meal, and I choose to eat a love full soulful meal, and I choose to spend time in solitude or in nature or with friends or in my creative zone, and I choose to dance because I love it. And I choose to elevate the conversation in every room I walk into because that's my purpose and I choose to leave the room with love. And I choose to find inspiration to create, and I choose to feel empowered and I choose to empower others with non physical compliments, and I joyfully choose to meet my own needs. Today, I bring value to all I do, and I feel valuable doing it every day. Our goal is to process yesterday's emotions connect to creating my day and all the things that bring me into alignment.

If you feel yourself stuck in a loop, this is how you process it because big emotions like fear rejection attached to stories and how we remember these big emotions is fear will just assign it, a big emotional memory, So if this is gonna happen to you again, like rejection or something, you'll get a big jolt. Danger is close, and the story attached to their old fear just got activated in your mind and in your body, and your body doesn't know it's not happening right now because the brain is focused on it So it feels like it's happening right now, and then you get stuck in the feelings and you feel and they feel so now, and so real, but it's really just stuck in your own thoughts. And alignment is my thoughts and my feelings and my heart and my focus all empowered with love, and yet it all starts with my thoughts. My thoughts create ideas. My thoughts create desire My thoughts create scenarios, my thoughts create stories, my thoughts become beliefs, and I can change my thoughts.

So that's stuck in that loop. And in the loop, you will meet fear, ego, and self doubt. When you come to a witness with fear and the voice of fear that's inside you, in your car, You'll realize fear is not the problem. Fear means growth is coming. It's always a good sign to me when people feel fear.

You can move with fear. Fear doesn't leave the car. It's hardwired into you like instinct. Fear doesn't stop you. Fear will keep you safe.

Just don't let fear drive. Backseat only, okay, just whispering warnings. It's fear of rejection that will stop you. It's in our top 5 greatest fears, rejection, been killed by wild animal, being buried alive, rejection, top 5. So ask yourself, what am I risking?

Who would reject me? What might happen if I took this step? Walk the multiverse and just see different experiences unfold as yourself, who would support me? Who would reject me? Why?

How would I support myself through that? Debunk fear, confront fear with more questions because what is rejection, and what does it mean to me? If you know what it is, then you know because it's going to come for you. You are the only one that can feel rejected So what is the worst thing that could happen to you? That's what I did.

I ran all of my worst case scenarios and then I just baby step towards what I wanted until I started to see evidence that it was working, you know, but to not try because of a fear of projection, that's simply saying I don't believe I have anything of value to offer. Also, rejection. Are you really rejected, or are you just not getting something you wanted in a certain way? You cannot make someone love you, you can only be love. If you fixate on happiness coming to you only through this one way or this one job or this one person, then when you do not get it, that job or the person, you feel rejected but maybe you offered no value.

Rejection breeds obsession, which gets us stuck in the mind, even more, you have to come to acceptance and stop making it about the rejection. You will also find your ego flare because when we grow our egos, flare up We get stuck on thoughts of comparison and competition, grandiose thinking, fantasizing, fixating, obsessing, An over inflated ego means growth is coming. I always say that whenever I see an overinflated ego in any of my friends, I know they're about to take a big step into a big scary place. So just Watch that ego flare and know that growth is coming and remember envy is calling you to create. If you feel it, hear the calling.

You know, when we get stuck in the loop with the thoughts and the feelings and and the old stories and the shame and the ego and the rejection and all the horrible, horrible old stories that we keep. You can't say to someone, let it go. How can you let it go? It's a feeling. And in order for it to be in the past, I would have to be through this emotion right now, and I cannot just let it go because it's an emotion.

The idea is you have to let go of the thought that's driving the emotion because before you got stuck in these bad feelings, you were worrying. And you were obsessing and you were projecting and you were comparing and you were earning and you were judging And those are all thinking. You were thinking about all the things you don't have, didn't have, can't have, and that is suffering. So our thoughts can become emotions so quickly, and you can't let that go. You have to change the frequency.

You can't let go of an emotion. You have to let go of the thought that's driving the emotion and understand that all belief is just chronic thought. You have to change the frequency and focus on something you love more. Being out of alignment with who you are and what you want and how you manage your time and your day, breathe self doubt. Then all you want is your avoidance behavior to feel good about yourself, but they bring so much shame.

And then you have more problems and more drama because you're focused on more problems and more drama. When you get stuck in these loops constantly and not walking your true path and what you really want to do, you blame and you get a victim mentality, and it's a poor me energy, and it's just a heavy weight on the heart and then your resentment just flares up your gallbladder collapses, you know, your earning for all the things you don't have, and that is suffering, suffering in your own thoughts, replaying old stories. This is self hate. I hate myself. I hate my life.

I hate my body. Alignment. I'm still talking about step 1, my thoughts. Can't you see? It's all about what we think It all comes down to what you think.

Your emotions, my feelings are just responding to my thoughts. Yesterday's thoughts bring up yesterday's emotions. Are they good or bad? My heart connection, how can I feel heart connection when I'm focused on what I hate, how can I get to alignment when I'm focused on what I don't want When all I empower is everything I don't want? How can I create in the absence of joy?

How can I turn my desire into love Not tuning? When I don't allow myself to do, have experience, create the things I want. When I don't allow myself to be who I want. And then lastly, focus How I show up to myself every day, what I'm focused on, and how I feel about it, If you cannot come into alignment because your thoughts and feelings are in a loop, and they're stopping you this topping your momentum, then let's process those thoughts and those feelings. Deal with your emotional needs Priority 1.

The goal is emotional mastery. That's the goal every day is to re empower your thoughts, connect to your day, and empower your day You know, you clear away old feelings and blocks that hold you in a negative focus You absorb you observe your thoughts, right? Your feelings start to change, and then you process them through a filter of self love. A winners to acceptance processing to boundaries, waking up with yesterday's emotions, or creating a new day doing what you have always wanted is a lot more exciting. You know, Journal for clarity, journal for dreams, map, ideas, and goals, brain dump first thing in the morning, even if it's just for 5 minutes.

It's incredible what you download when you ask for clarity every night before you go to bed. Your goal is to return to love every single day is return to a love focus for the people in your life for the beautiful things you create, for the life you create, for yourself, for the world, be at peace Remember you never have to try to let go of the past. You can't. It follows you. It's not possible.

But you can let it be in the past. You can reframe how you perceive it, how you talk about it, how you see it, stop focusing on it because when you focus on it, you bring it back into the now and you re empower it, protect the castle I read a bumper sticker the other day that said worrying is praying for what you don't want. Amen at full power, so do not waste that in credible creation energy. Get excited about your future every morning because you're creating it here right now in that moment. You're setting your intention and power.

You will not understand the power of that simple sentence until you start creating with intention and focus on love and see that future start to become in front of your eyes then you feel the power of alignment, become part of your everyday life. It's so intoxicating I started thinking, am I allowed to feel this good? Yes. Yes. I am.

Am I allowed to have this abundance? Yes. Yes. I am. Am I allowed?

Joy. Yes. Yes. You are. And when you do the work, you come to a witness acceptance it's thought work.

When you wake up in yesterday's emotions, you have to come to a witness of the thoughts that you're stuck on. I say acceptance to a winners and I say processing to boundaries because when you start processing, you will see there are some big boundaries you need to set for your time. You know? So when I feel unfulfilled or disconnected, set a boundary for more time for you to create what you want when I feel out of balance, communicator boundary, when I feel taken advantage of, I need to set a boundary when I feel stressed. I say, no.

And if I feel angry, annoyed, hurt, betrayed confused by what someone has said or done to me, then I need to set a boundary. And when I feel unseen or stonewalled or unable to speak up for myself, I need to set a boundary, become aware of the behavior around you that impacts your day, and your energy and your voice. Speak up for yourself and set healthy, loving boundaries. And when you can't ask yourself, why? Remember, resentment is drinking poison and hoping someone else will die drinking poison.

If someone has said or done something hurtful to you, you need to communicate that and set a boundary. And if you find yourself stuck in a loop of gossip about this person, that's resentment. Or the situation you are not setting boundaries and you are not speaking up for yourself and you are not communicating your needs which means you're drinking poison. Look in the mirror. The feeling is in you.

Regardless of what they did, the feeling is in you. The resentment is coming from you. The resentment is blocking your heart. The heart is a powerful magnet it wants to love. You create and manifest by focus and emotion, what I am focused on, and how I feel about it, clarity.

I know who I am, and what I want. And I am in great joy, being it. Connection. I want it. I desire it.

I feel it. I love it. That is heart activated. Certainty and conviction I believe in it. I create it.

I do it. Congruency. The next perfect step is always unfolding, take it, courage, courage to prioritize myself, courage to ask, courage to step forward, courage to receive what I have asked for, courage to boldly live on the outside who I am on the inside. Consistency. I love this so much.

I show up every day Even if it's just in positive thought, commitment, I honor myself. I am the power, I am the purpose, I am the poison, and I am the antidote. Words have power. You are creating the day. And if you are not in love with your day, you are in lack feel this.

I hate my space. I hate my time. I hate my mood. I hate my money. I hate my thoughts.

I hate my career. I hate my energy. I hate my heart. I hate my body. I have control of my space.

I have control of my time. I have control of my mood. I have control of my money, my thoughts, my career, my energy, my heart, my body. I'm in charge of my space, my time, my mood, I'm in charge of my money. I'm in charge of my thoughts.

I'm in charge of my career, my energy, my heart. I'm in charge of my body. I empower my space. I empower my time. I empower my mood.

I empower my money. I empower my thought I empower my career. I empower my energy. I empower my heart. I empower my body.

Words have so much power. I am in love with my space. I'm in love with what I do every day with my time. I'm in love with being in love. I'm in love with earning money, and I'm in love with my thoughts of gratitude.

And I'm in love with my career, and I'm in love with my energy and who I get to share it with, and I'm in love. With my heart and I'm in love with my body, you know, if you need to activate your heart, You no longer write. I don't want this anymore. That's not how you ignite your heart. Is it?

You don't say I want because you now know that I want means I don't have You can write I create, but I really want you to write I love because when you know who you are and what you really want and what you love to do, your whole life comes into alignment. If you want to find out what you love start writing journaling prompts for love lists. Write a love list for yourself. Just put a love letter to myself. Start writing quickly.

Don't think about it. Let it flow out of you. I love my hair. I love my skin. I love my ethnicity.

I love my nose. I love my loyalty. Write physical traits, write non physical traits, if that's what you want to do. Just write a love list and read it to yourself buy yourself flowers or go and pick a flower and put it behind your ear and remember the love list that you wrote to yourself this morning. If you want to reconnect love for a partner, write a love list for them.

If you want to reconnect with your body image, write a love list about your physical body. If you want to, you know, connect with your family, write a love list for your family hold them in a place of love and your thoughts and your heart. And when you sit with love, and you write the love list and it's everything you love, then how can you not be in alignment if you want to unfold what you want to do with your career write a love list of everything you love to do, and it becomes very, very clear what your superpower is I write a love list for my non physical self, for my physical self, for my family, for my friends, for my husband, even for the things that I create and for my work, absolutely, because I want to create from a place of being in full alignment. I've created some beautiful journal prompts for you to write loveless so that you can reconnect to love and return to love every single day. This is about unfolding more of who you really are and what you really love to do so that you can be in alignment every day Enjoy your homework.

==== End of Transcript: Coaching 08 - Daily Ritual ====
