==== Start of Content Curator - Student Reviews ====

“I will always be grateful for Sue. A few years ago, she changed my world by showing me that I should price my work based on what I was offering and what I needed to be successful, rather than just following what everyone else in my business was doing. As a result, I now have a healthy and growing business. For a long time, I've been passionate about photography and teaching. However, it wasn't until last year that I felt ready to share my experience and expertise with others. As I prepared for my first class, I realized I needed to improve my confidence and organizational skills. That's when I found this invaluable class. It gave me everything I needed to become a better educator with better and more organized content. My favorite tip from the class was to let someone who loves you write your bio. My husband wrote mine, which makes me feel loved and appreciated every time I read it. He believes in me, which makes me believe in myself, too. Thank you, Sue, for sharing your amazing knowledge and experience with the world.”
— Sabrina C.

“It's been 12 years of following Sue and I'm amazed at how much I'm still learning. Thanks, Sue for your generous spirit. <3”
— Susan W.

“Eleven years ago, when I was just beginning to learn the craft of portrait photography, I found this lady on Creative Live and she said she could make you a photographer in 28 days! I was hooked. I purchased 28 Days even though I had never paid that much for a class on anything and took a chance. Little did I know I not only did I find a teacher but someone who through her passion I found a career that I wouldn't trade for anything. Now eleven years later I am taking that same chance to learn again from my favorite teacher the art of content curating. Let's Go!!!!”
— Rob B.

“Sue changed my life when I first discovered her teachings in 2016. I’m at a point now where I’m evolving my career path and need to shift to intentional content creation so this could not have come at a better time. So grateful for the education and support! Thank you Sue!”
— Angelica O.

“I can hardly wait to attend this and learn from you (again), Sue Bryce!”
— Carolyn C.

“When student is ready, the master appears ! I open to recieving and learning the best from Sue 🙏✨”
— Soumia M.

“So excited to start planning what's next. Especially after the business confidence workshop. The sky is the limit. Ready and willing 🥰 and so grateful”
— Aamal A.

“Thank you x”
— Maria C.

“I am looking forward to it!”
— Florence C.

“If it has Sue Bryce's name on it, I already know it will be golden.”
— Lisa H.

“So excited to begin this journey.”
— Rebecca M.

“I am beyond grateful for this opportunity. Sue is exceptional and beautiful inside out, sharing everything she knows. Being stuck, overwhelmed and not knowing where to even start i am looking forward to develop some clarity a plan and doing steps towards (digital) products. Thank you Sue! Excited to learn and work alongside you all!”
— FELICIA S.

“I'm so excited for this! I can't wait to get off the tight rope and get down to business. So many things I want to do. I love systems and processes to make them all work!”
— Trish B.

“I'm super excited to start the course! And I'm extremely happy that I will be able to assist the live classes as it will be 8 PM in Zürich, just when I'm off work <3”
— Sol C.

“Will the live coaching on Thursdays be recorded? I have shots already scheduled for Thursdays. Looking forward to this!”
— Jana M.

“Looking forward to the course. Thank you for the opportunity. Just wondering if I am in the minority in Australia on Melbourne time. I'm doing another course with only 3am lives and this will be 6am. Is there any chance of a later start time for classes. I hope you don't mind me asking.”
— Nicole B.

“So excited to be back on my business after being away for 4 years. I need to get back into it a Sue always empowers me and lifts my soul! Can’t wait!!!”
— Avelina S.

“Excited! Can’t wait!”
— Susan E.

“An amazing next step for those who want to expand their business and step into their power. Sue has the knowledge and experience to help get you there and she puts it all out there for the taking in this powerhouse course. Truly this is life changing in the best way!”
— Michele Q.

“I went into this course with the idea that I already have an online purse and I just wanted to learn how to market it. I trust Sue Bryce and her teachings as she has helped me level up my photo business dramatically. After taking this course my mind is blown! Not only can I polish my current course, I have a whole new course with digital products I’m working on now! She helped us find our strengths, passions and story in a way that creates a clear path to what you are called to teach or create. This course isn’t only for photographers, so I’m excited yo share it with friends! I’m grateful that the content is rewatchable as my notes were fast and furious! Highly recommend this course to anyone who feels led to teach or create a digital product. Sue knocked it out of the park once again, and always gives her everything with transparency and authenticity.”
— Angie W.

“Nothing better than learning how to develop content from someone who has mastered creating her own content. Once again, Sue teaches from experience and from the heart and she shares an immense amount of knowledge and strategies. Sue gives us ACTIONABLE steps to make our own content impactful and so that we can turn it into a "package" that sells. Sue, cannot thank you enough for all you teach. Truly life changing!!!”
— Nicole C.

“Amazing course. I've taken a few courses on digital product creation but Sue teaches it in a completely different and empowering way. This course will change the way you curate and write content.”
— Jasmin J.

“Wow, what an incredible course! Sue Bryce introduced me to the empowering world of mentoring, digital products, and video. She dives deep into development, equipment, beta testing, marketing, pricing and so much more. Each week was packed with well-stuctured content and there were action steps to help me power forward. The course is well structured and inspiring. So many light bulb and goosebumps moments. It exceeded my expectations.”
— Ally S.

“This course is absolutely amazing. Impactful, actionable, well laid-out, inspiring, and accessible. This is going to change my life, and I'm grateful for every bit of it!”
— Jen S.

==== End of Content Curator - Student Reviews ====
