==== Start of Transcript: Homework 07 - Self Fulfillment ====

Hi, everyone. Welcome to video 7, self fulfillment. So at first, in your homework I asked, do you feel an alignment with yourself. Do I feel in alignment with myself? Not so much, you know, what we want in the world or in alignment with our career or anybody else, but just right now with myself, with my body, do I feel in alignment my health?

Do I feel in alignment with my money, like where I'm going with my money and what I've learned about money and what I'm doing with money and what I'm about to do more with money, am I in alignment with my career? And then am I in alignment and all my relationships because those are the 4 areas of emotional intelligence. So first of all, I just want you to try this exercise and, you know, I really, really, really want your feedback and not just on the survey, I would like, more feedback in the group specifically about this exercise. So one day, Terry Hoffman and I were having a very, private conversation, just the two of us, weren't filming it or anything. And we were just talking about body image and self love and loving your life, and she have you ever met anybody who hates their body that loves their life?

Now whenever I write these exercises for you, I always try and do two things. I tried to 3 things. I tried to go back to when I was really in my worst darkest place, especially with body image, and I try to answer around emotionally what I used to think and feel like as much as I can because as I tell you, you don't remember what you used to think and feel until you look at that, and then it blows you away because you are forget. No. You completely forget who you used to be, and that's why I say these surveys are amazing for tracking your mind because once you change mindset, you don't remember what your mindset used to be.

So, you know, I try and do the second thing I try and do is answer now. Like, to put myself out of, like, an instructor's mindset and go back into a student's mindset and also to check-in with myself now because I'm on this journey with you. Also, there are so many layers as you go up the mountain, so I'm always making sure that am doing the work. And then I wanna make sure that when I connect something, you really understand it, but then I get the feedback as to how it connects and also what I can do to improve this exercise So I went through specifically this body image homework this morning, and I gave you a whole lot of words And the words are beautiful and whole and strong and healthy, and there's so many beautiful words on there that really help describe body image. If the words that you feel are not on my list, please add them and tell me what the words you wanted to add were.

I want you to feel each word So when you feel the word, if it just doesn't if it feels like meh, you can maybe keep it, but honestly I want you feel it. I want you to feel it. And if the words not the ear, give me the word that you feel. Then the words kind of go well, you could say negative. We start with shame, and we talk about being trapped in our body feeling overwhelmed, feeling self hate, feeling powerless and all of those more negative connotation words and again feel them.

If for any reason, a word is missing, please add it, and please tell me what it is. So I spent a lot of time in the thesaurus. I spent a lot of time understanding words because words of my life, and I love them, but mostly because, this they just give you this incredible insight. This is how I do it. So I take the words, whatever I circled from up there and I put them into this sentence.

So I first get you to stand naked in front of the mirror. You can stand in your underwear. You can stand in your clothing. I would like you to be naked, and I would like you to be in a safe And then I would like you to feel each of these words and tell me which ones that you assign to your current body right now, the ones that you you specifically gram on to and feel about your current body right now. Can there be a negative and a positive word, yes, they can.

This morning, I sat, and I went through all of the words, and I started to just feel my words. And I got to all the positive words, but I'm going through something right now with my physical health. I'm in menopause, and I'm regulating hormones, and I'm going up and down. So my weight fluct weighting a lot, I've lost £7 of muscle this year, which is alarming, so I'm trying to build that back up. I have really chronic inflammation and osteoarthritis.

If I don't manage that well, I can't work out. So you can see I get myself into a pickle really quick I can't work out. I'm in pain. I just want comfort food. All of a sudden, I'm in a place where I'm absolutely crippled.

So I found it really hard to choose a positive word until I got to comfortable. Once I felt comfortable, I I just sat in the mirror and I thought, I'm very comfortable in my body right now. I'm not hating it, which is incredible. And then as soon as I realized that by picking the word comfortable, the next two words that popped out to me were proud and free. And I think proud and free sorry, my voice is shaking because I'm talking about my physical body, and it started to shake when I told you about my health.

Because I feel very emotional about it and I'm holding on to a lot of emotion around it. Can you see that? It's in my body. So until I process what that emotion is, and I'm very overwhelmed by my physical health right now, because I'm 52, and I've never really, other than my gallbladder collapsing and being removed, had a period of illness chronic illness in my life where I've had to face daily pain. It is a mind bender and truly, this is how much we hold emotion in our physical body.

This is why I want you to do this exercise. It brings up so many beautiful emotions. Don't be afraid of them. They're all things that are in you anyway. It's not coming to you.

It's inside you. Yeah. They come up and sometimes they're uncomfortable. But like me now, I'm just talking through it. My body's realizing I'm not in trauma right now.

I'm just talking about something that makes me very, very uneasy. And when I am in charge of my body, I feel very, very empowered. So coming into this exercise in a bad mindset, or I'm not gonna say bad in a challenged mindset right now. Comfortable was the only word I could choose out of the positives. I'd love to tell you I feel a lot of those positive words now about my body, but I don't feel all of them all the time, and that's okay.

I just want the one that felt good. So comfortable at proud and free came from the fact that I am comfortable in my body and that makes me incredibly proud. I've done so much work to love my body and I'm free. I'm not pain free, but I'm free of self hate. And just saying it out loud around my body image, is one of the most extraordinary things.

So then I got to the negative words, and I expected because I was in the fearful, horrible state with my health right now that maybe I would have a lot of horrible words, and I went through the horrible words and none of them were assigned to me until I got to discontent. And as soon as I got to discontent Kent, I heard myself say that is the perfect description for you because you are not content with your body right now. And I was like, oh, oh, K, I definitely didn't hit content up on the positive one. So discontent, a restless desire or craving for something that one does not have. I sat down and I really thought about this content that I have right now for my body.

And straightaway, I thought I could be stronger. I could work out more. But I don't. I could eat better. I could eat whole foods every day and be pain free.

But I don't because I like to eat and I like to dine out. I could be, bitter at self care, but I'm not. And yes, I could prioritize me more. Wow. This content.

That all sounds like, coulda, woulda, shoulda, and I say, coulda, woulda, shoulda, prada. So you could, but you don't. So what do I feel like I'm lacking right now? Self care. What do I feel like I'm lacking right now?

Some boundaries for more time for me. What do I feel like I'm lacking right now? Self care. What do I feel like I'm lacking right now? You know, and straight away, I can see why I'm content.

I'm not going to the gym because I'm not prioritizing myself. I am not pain free because I'm not priorit tizing my inflammation and my self care and maybe a massage or, you know, a spa or day once a month or more relaxing and self care. I have a beautiful bath. I even have a steam shower. So more prioritizing me, and it always comes down to giving myself more.

So if I'm discontent with my body right now. It's because I'm discontent with the way I'm treating it. I really want you to spend time in this exercise. I want you to separate the feelings about your life, from the feelings about your body, just separate them and have a look if they're parallel, have a look if something is showing up as body hate, and it's really life drama or a life problem over here and you're just putting it into your body, separate the feelings you have about your money or debt right now from the feelings about your body and see if there's a correlation. If you feel rejected right now, you didn't get the job, You didn't get the partner you wanted.

You didn't get the thing you wanted. If you feel rejected right now, just check-in. Are you blaming your body? Are you blaming your body for it not happening? So, for a really big chunk of my worst body image years where I was really trapped in self hate, I had a narrative that I could not be in a relationship until I lost weight.

I to me, my belief was I would never be loved if I was overweight. I had such a strong belief about it. I truly had that as my ground zero, that was it. There was never gonna be another truth, nobody could love me this way because I could not love me this way. So I blamed my body for not being able to the love that I wanted, and it was completely, completely the opposite.

I needed to give myself the love that I craved so much. So so much. So even in saying that I'm discontent, I know it's not about my body. I know it's about me, how I feel, and I know it's about how I feel about my body, how I feel in my body and how I feel about how I treat myself. So if you feel unlovable, are you saying it's because of your body because if it is, now you know it is not your body.

Why are you blaming this beautiful body? Let's journal that. Fold why you think your body is stopping you from moving forward unfold why you think your body is stopping you from getting the love, getting the job because it wasn't stopping me, and all I love this meme quote so much. If you hate everyone, you need to eat. If you think everyone hates you, you need to sleep.

And if you hate yourself, you need to go and take a shower. And it's so true, isn't it? When you're hangry, you just hate everybody and everything and you're irritated. Go and nourish yourself. And you think everybody hates you and you poor me, you're tired.

Go and rest. And if you hate yourself, go and shower. Cleanse, self care, clean your aura, be at peace, wash all patient and energy off you, get clean, get rested, be at peace, slow down your thoughts, and interrupt those stupid old loops that you get stuck in. Remember, your physical body needs 8 things. 8.

It needs sleep. Needs 6 to 8 hours sleep, and the coldest darkest room that you can possibly sleep in. We know that you get Alzheimer's if you don't sleep. You need a lot more than five hours 6 to 8 hours sleep. I am not a good sleeper.

I have to practice sleep hygiene. I have to prac I have FOMO I don't wanna go to bed at night. I have sleep anxiety going to bed. I had to learn how to meditate, how to do sleep hygiene, I learned to learn how to get myself to bed. Earlier, I had to learn how to sleep.

Your body needs sunshine and nature at least 20 minutes of light. It only absorb vitamin D where the skin can see sun and you need to feel the earth, the sand, the ground, stand, hug a tree, do anything, walk out, just be in the mother earth. Your body needs rest. It needs now It needs restoration. It needs to read a book.

It needs to just lie down and relax. It needs quiet time, and it just needs to be replenished do not feel guilty about resting, you rest so you can stand up and keep going with a good attitude. Your body needs strength, mobility, and flexibility, strength, mobility, and flexibility. It doesn't need to be skinnier. It needs to be stronger.

It doesn't need to be thinner. It needs to be more mobile. It doesn't need to be skinnier. It needs to be flexible because you're only is old as your spine is flexible, stretch, do yoga, sit on your floor, watch YouTube videos. It doesn't matter what you do, strength is everything.

Strong is the new skinny. Okay? No more I need to lose weight. Now I need to build muscle. I need to build strength.

I want mobility, flexibility, and strength. Your body needs self care in the form of physical maintenance basic physical maintenance. Give yourself the time to do it. Teach your children to take time to self care with physical maintenance. Your body needs self care in the form of hampering.

And, you know, I grew up in a working class family. We did not have luxuries to dine out or go to spa days. My mum always had a manicure, so she taught me how to self care. My mom always had beautiful hair. My mom always had her toenails done.

She would do it with me. We would have little girls day out at home, and we'd do foot massages, and I learned how to self care with a mom that did have the money that I she taught me how to self care and how to pamper. She taught me how to massage. I'm a great solder masseuse. Okay?

Have you ever seen me me to rub your neck and shoulders, especially if you have a headache. And I know how to pamper, and I love to pamper myself and pamper other people. Your body needs nourishment. Okay. Nareshment needs good, whole foods, and it needs you to eat with a joyful loveful energy because anything you eat is sustaining your entire body.

Your body needs joyful movement. Okay. It doesn't need exercise. It needs joy for movement. It's better to dance every day for 20 minutes than run on a treadmill on a rat wheel, like your body needs to move in the most joyful way it can so that sleep sunshine nature, rest, strength, physical maintenance, pampering, nourishment, joyful movement, and all throw one more in there, your body needs love.

It needs acceptance, and it needs love, and it needs you to speak to it in a loving way, and it needs you to treat it in a loving way. Okay. And If you are not loving yourself this way, how would you ever expect anybody else to because nobody will love you until you learn to you. So my mental health self care, like what I need, is not my body. My body image how I feel about my body is not my body.

That's thought work that goes on up here. So right now, if you were to say my body needs, it needs one of those 8 things. What does it need right now? Ask yourself does my body need sleep, sunshine, rest, strength, maintenance, pampering, nourishment, joyful movement. Ask what it needs.

And then once you've asked what it needs, give your body what it needs, then ask yourself, what does my mind need? Am I stuck at a loop? Am I thinking old narratives? Am I in an old loop of comparison and rejection, am I in my ego? What does my mind need right now?

Maybe my mind needs clarity. Maybe my mind needs to process something that's been said or I my feelings have been hurt. Maybe my mind needs rest, maybe my mind needs to communicate a boundary, maybe my mind needs to be snapped out of an old loop and reconnected to what I really want. What does your mind need? Because your mind is telling stories about your body and your mind is telling lies, and you're believing these lies, and then you're responding emotionally.

No. Now we're stuck in a loop. Then ask, what does my soul need today? What does my soul need? Because all of our souls need love.

Now remember, love is acceptance. We bring everything to a witness to acceptance. To awareness to acceptance. If you can't change it, then accept it. How do I accept it?

You love it. But how do I love it? You stop hating it. What do I need to change that I can't accept? What do I need to accept that I cannot change?

Acceptances love, I cannot accept right now that I'm in a pause on. Sorry. I can't change the name menopausal. I have accepted it. I'm talking about it with body.

I'm communicating my challenges. I am actively and constantly seeking more education and support I've found an amazing doctor and I am on the right hormones and only in regulating myself and getting this place now, am I starting to get my brain back? Now I'm going to start focusing on building my strength again. And I'm going to focus on the contentment of knowing that I'm prioritizing my body now, and I'm choosing myself every single day. And that started with me having bad hair on this video because I chose to go to yoga instead of staying home and having perfect hair.

I chose me this morning, and that does make me feel proud, and that does make me feel very, very, very free. Enjoy your homework. Tag me in the group And I would just like to hear also if there's just a correlation you're seeing with all the hate into your body, maybe just have a look at where it's showing up in your life and please tell me if there's any light bulbs there.


==== End of Transcript: Homework 07 - Self Fulfillment ====
