==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 14 - Processing ====

Nikki Closser | How you doing, Sue Bryce?

Sue Bryce | Oh, very good. Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | We are back for processing, which is, you know, an obvious important next step once you hit acceptance.

Sue Bryce | It is the next step. And, yeah, if we're gonna we we're really going after emotional mastery now. This is about emotional mastery. So the 4 areas of emotional intelligence are self awareness, We've talked about awareness. And that self awareness is coming to the awareness that everything you're thinking and feeling is happening, what you're focused on, how you feel about it, is your reality.

Sue Bryce | The world is reflecting back your emotions. Step in emotional intelligence is self management. That's processing and acceptance and processing. To me, you wake up every day creating your day every morning. It only takes one thought from yesterday.

Sue Bryce | One one moment in yesterday's emotions. And it will trigger the thoughts and the response that you had yesterday today, and it will keep perpetuating that same reality. So What we're doing now is we're coming to a winner, self awareness. That's our first step in emotional intelligence. The second step is self management.

Sue Bryce | We're gonna wake up every day and process the thoughts and feelings from yesterday that are gonna stop us from getting into alignment today. This is the answer to everything. If you can change this morning process, you can change your life. So many people say to me, I know I've got a lot of work to do. That's not true.

Sue Bryce | The only work you have to do is to get into alignment every morning. Whatever that takes. So if you can process yesterday's emotions in 15 minutes, you're done. It does not have to take time. It does not have to take years of unfolding.

Sue Bryce | You can choose to change the frequency of your thoughts and your energy tomorrow by simply coming to self awareness And then in your self management, come to processing with love, and you are going to change your world. The the next two steps So there's 4 steps to emotional intelligence is social awareness. And then, so, relationship management So that's all your friendships, your love. But the first two are just more important. And I think what we do is we wake up and we see what the world how the world treats us when we walk into a room, or I'm not getting this because the world is not getting this.

Sue Bryce | We look online. Somebody's getting lots of attention. I'm not getting this attention. Straight away, you've decided the world is not meeting any of your needs. And that's because why?

Sue Bryce | Because you're not good enough, or you're less than, and you can see why we just get trapped there So I want you to stay away from that social awareness, what you believe other people are, you know, thing back in your self perception and really just focus on self awareness and self management first. So let's wake up every day and just listen to the three year olds that are riding shotgun in our car. 1 is talking. The other is responding emotionally, and you don't have to believe either of them any more.

Nikki Closser | Speaking of, like, not believing, can you talk a little bit about worry and anxiety and how we create these stories that haven't happened or likely won't happen, but we live in it, and it just

Sue Bryce | it's actually, a self fulfilling prophecy like any focus and emotion. Mhmm. If you're focused on worrying about the future, you're not present. If you're focused on trauma from the past, you're not present. You're in the past.

Sue Bryce | If you're focused on what could happen in the future, you're living in the future and you are not being right now. This stops you from focusing on worry. Worry is praying for what you don't want. Wiring is praying for what you don't want. Worrying is like writing a goal list for everything you don't want to happen and then reading it on repeat a hundred times an hour for the next 10 days and wondering why it's showing up for you this way.

Sue Bryce | Worrying is not is not having faith that the universe or that god has your back Wearing is just projecting what you want to happen in the future, what you believe will happen and happen. It's gonna just come true because it's what you're focused on. That's why self awareness and self management is so important because we have to stop thinking stupid, worried, old thoughts because we now know I am 10x ing that with energy, And if I put emotion into that, which is, you know, is coming next Yeah. I'm going to more than 10x it. Like, that's rocket fuel for my worry.

Sue Bryce | And now I'm just an energy of disconnected future fears.

Nikki Closser | Can we go through kind of an exercise of how we might do if I called you? Like, just, honestly, like, Sue, I'm struggling here. I need your help. Can I talk through this with you? So I you know, me, I'm not a super anxious person.

Nikki Closser | I'm just not, but there's this one thought that I come back to you, and it's It's it's, like, really difficult to even say out loud. It's painful. I think about what might if something happened to me or Dan, And obviously as a parent, that's just something you think about. But sometimes I get stuck on it. Like, we just did an RV family road trip.

Nikki Closser | We drove an RV across the south. And I made this video of just clips of our whole trip, and it's so beautiful music. And all of a sudden, I went to this place of Like, what if a couple years from now, this is all my boys have to look back on because I'm gone, and I died and You know, Dan was telling them, look at how beautiful your mom was and look at all this stuff she did for you. And I went to this place of, like, I'm, like, next thing I know I'm bawling. And then I'm like, how do I I don't wanna die.

Nikki Closser | I don't want Dan to die. Like, how do I why am I focusing on this right now? Why am I freaking out. You know?

Sue Bryce | Well, for starters, it's a really good chance you'll carry menopausal. And anybody who's

Nikki Closser | Yes. And yes.

Sue Bryce | Is gonna wake up in their forties and not understand why they suddenly have all this anxiety that they never had before So just address that, it's completely normal, especially when you have children. Mhmm. More people develop a fear of flying after they have babies. I have girlfriends who have panic attacks on the plane, but only started after they have children. That is a fear of death and abandonment.

Sue Bryce | We have such a fear of death and abandonment when we have babies. Yeah. Because these babies who will love them if you're not here? Mhmm. Now when my brother came to me, when he had his 2 children, he asked me to be the guardian to his children if anything happened to him but when he asked me, he was bawling.

Sue Bryce | Like, his bottom lip was shaking, and he was in a really, like, And I was like, what's what's going on? I'm sitting there, like, all single and, like, course, I'll love you. So I love your children. They're like mine. I'm just like, you know, they're my kids too.

Sue Bryce | I was like, whatever. And he was and I looked at him. I was like, why are you so upset? And he was like, who's gonna love my children if we're gone? It's if We don't love them.

Sue Bryce | Like, I need to make sure, like, that you've got this and that, you know, this is I want you to do this for me. And I was like, of course, I would do this for you, but I saw in him the real panic of what of that fear of things. Yeah. Okay. So I'm

Nikki Closser | projecting something that I mean, I'm planning on living to a 105. So this is where I start to get in my own head.

Sue Bryce | Okay. When I

Nikki Closser | say I'm gonna live to a 105, I get this pit, and I almost don't believe myself.

Sue Bryce | I want it to be 105 is do you really wanna live to a 100 and fondly? I mean, if

Nikki Closser | that if my mind is still there

Sue Bryce | You can say I'm gonna live to a 100. That's not a problem. Here's the thing. When you're a mom and a dad and you do have that projected anxiety and that fear, you also have to accept that tomorrow is not promised to anybody. Yeah.

Nikki Closser | Oh, yeah. I mean, trust me, you know, I lost you know, very important You could die tomorrow. Like that.

Sue Bryce | Absolutely. Yeah. That could happen. So you can't say it's not gonna happen. You can't be rational about it.

Sue Bryce | You can just accept that feeling in the moment, feel it rush into you, feel that horrible fear. And if you want, if you're still thinking about it, like later that day or the next day, this is where you might call me. And maybe you go to Dan first and you go, oh, I had this weird thing where I thought about one of us dying, and then I couldn't stop crying. And Dan looks at you like, why Nikki? Why would you even think that?

Sue Bryce | And so you think, oh, that's not a good thing. I shouldn't have told him, or he doesn't understand Or he does understand, but didn't know what to say. So he just goes, oh, yeah. Well, that's you just know that we're good and, you know, and that what could he say but maybe you came to me and you were like, I get this really thing today. So what I'm gonna do when I when you talk to me about anything processing, is I want you to get to why that is a thing for you.

Sue Bryce | Not I don't wanna talk too much about the problem. I wanna talk about the solution. Yeah. So for me, it's gonna be like, what does that mean to you in terms of abandonment? Your dad died.

Sue Bryce | You were 20, what, 1, 21?

Nikki Closser | Yeah. 24.

Sue Bryce | That's young. Yeah. Like, you were a child still, and he died suddenly. That is abandonment. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So you knew know in yourselves what that feels like. So I had the same thought. I don't have children, but I did think the other day while we're doing our will, you know, you write all this out, like, what you want to say at the funeral. That

Nikki Closser | resending too. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And it makes you really hyperconscious of moving on from this world. In my kid, I started to think, well, I'll probably go first. I don't know why I thought that. Then I thought, like, what if I don't? And then I was like, started to think about what it would be like if he died.

Sue Bryce | And then I started crying, and then he was coming home. So I was like, oh, what do I tell my husband when he walks in the door? I'm crying because I had thought that you might die and what would happen to me, how, you know, how would I cope and manage for that? So I realized how unreasonable that process was, but I still had the same thought. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Then they came to the thought, well, one of us will die, unless we die together, it's going to happen, whether it's gonna happen next week or in 50 years, I can't change that outcome. And I can't worry about it. The difference being is my father died when I was almost fifty. So I don't have any abandonment in there that that loss could hurt me. So I would say to you, what does it mean to you?

Sue Bryce | And you would say, when you touch on the emotion, you would probably go, oh, gosh. It brought up losing dead and that I was young and that he's not here for all these milestones with my boys. And then I thought, what if I'm not here, that's very real to you. But as long as you process the realness in you, then you can get to you can release it because then you're like, oh, yeah. I know what this triggered in me.

Sue Bryce | This triggered abandonment and what it feels like to lose a parent young.

Nikki Closser | And what you just said. Just totally clicked for me. Why would I wanna live in that feeling of worrying that I'm going to die? You die? I don't want to feel that This goes back to what we just talked about in acceptance.

Nikki Closser | I don't feel that. Therefore, I'm gonna acknowledge it. I'm gonna move on

Sue Bryce | because I don't wanna Okay. Well, if you can't move on

Nikki Closser | every worry.

Sue Bryce | But what if you can't move on? So let's reframe it. Yeah. Let's reframe it for for starters, bring out the horrible thing. Okay.

Sue Bryce | Let's talk about what triggers you in that thought because you were actually triggered So the trigger would be death and abandonment. So it's like, oh, yeah. I know what it's like to lose a parent as a young woman.

Nikki Closser | And to watch my best friend die,

Sue Bryce | Yeah.

Nikki Closser | With her. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I don't want to be without my voice.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So you could then acknowledge some part of your grief or abandonment there. You could acknowledge in yourself, wow, He really did leave and just left that day. He just went fishing and didn't come home. Like, that is a lot for any human being to process, but the fact that it was your dad was like, I didn't say goodbye to him. You know, you were you think about the shock of when they told you that he'd passed and you were just like, well, was it a Saturday afternoon?

Sue Bryce | Like, you were just living a normal young life, and then you were kicking walls because you were so shocked by what had happened. So acknowledge the trauma, but don't live through that trauma and then bridge a pain for your boys that didn't need to be there because you couldn't cope or couldn't bring that to the light. So to me, it's like what The fact that you thought it is absolutely acceptable. The fact that you worried about it is a real thing, and I do too. The fact you cried about it is proof that when you think something that's not even happening, your body responds emotionally like it's happening.

Sue Bryce | And then further proof that if you really dig deeper as to why did I get stuck on that? Why did that trigger me? Then you can say, because my father died. And I know what that grief feels like. So instead, you can just, you know, go back to comforting yourself over the abandonment losing a parent and knowing that every decision you make to do those RB trips and spend time with your boys, it doesn't matter when you leave this world.

Sue Bryce | You gave those boys life. You gave them their first identity in a place of love, And then you gave them all of your moral compass in the 1st 7 years of their life simply because of who you are, Now they are just unfolding as grown up people, and you hope to be lucky enough to share their life with them, but it's not a guarantee It's nothing you can control. It is only that you did really good with this. And, yes, Do you know how many children lost their parents that don't have that video that you were talking about that even made you cry now and maybe it doesn't make them cry. Maybe one day they have these videos while they're alive going mum, look what we did.

Sue Bryce | Mom, do you I remember this. Mom, this was it doesn't have to be a sad video.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Because right now, I think if you found a video like that of your dad, it would be sad because he's not here. But if your dad was here, you'd be like, dad, check out this video I found. Do you remember when we did this? And you made us did this, and then you told me off because I did this. You know, like, it would be a memory.

Sue Bryce | So all we ever do is process our own feelings. And and then we're always justifying our feelings or proving our feelings or or saying I'm not good enough to our own feelings, or my feelings aren't even valid, or I'm not even valid in this room, So emotional intelligence, emotional mastery is the way we get through everything. We have to just work out in our own head why we're triggered, why we're responding this way, what the filter of our past is that then made you think the next thought, and then the next thought And all of that is self processing. There's not even any dialogue for you to break down on that moment. You are simply experiencing all of that in your head Now let's be your boys and your husband.

Sue Bryce | You looking at a video, then you're getting tears in your eyes. Now you're crying for a thought that could happen.

Nikki Closser | I know.

Sue Bryce | It's we're going through this emotional roller coaster Nobody else knows what's happening.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | It's all going on in your head. But imagine that you started to respond differently to them because of what you were experiencing. And then They are recognizing your behavior, but not knowing what it is or where it coming from. Yeah. So it's like everything you believe is going on in your head I'm I'm pretty sure people truly believe that other people can hear their thoughts.

Sue Bryce | And they can't You're just, watching people respond and react to their own thoughts and their own emotion. So processing your feelings is the most important thing you can do.

Nikki Closser | And I know that I mean, obviously, the example I gave is, like, a really intense one. But I feel like, obviously, you can apply this same thing to if I go to this networking meeting and no one likes me. Or Okay. Can I just need, like, I feel like we can bring it back to some examples that are more Nope? No.

Nikki Closser | Not at the time.

Sue Bryce | Let me tell you, trauma is trauma. To a child, divorce is trauma. Yeah. To a child losing a parent is trauma. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Being unloved is trauma to a child. Mhmm. Don't we don't discredit trauma in any way, shape, or form. We all experience trauma in different ways. So I had the same experience as you, but because I don't have the trauma of a a lost as a young age, I didn't keep going with the narrative the way you did.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Now if you have that thought again, you would go, oh, of course, I'm gonna worry about losing something. You always worry about losing something when you have something so great.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm. Okay.

Sue Bryce | But the point is you can then acknowledge, oh, yes, because I lost my dad young. That's why it's causing me fear and worry. Otherwise, it's just worry. Yeah. But when it causes fear and worry, just acknowledge where it comes from.

Sue Bryce | And once you do that, you can go back to making more videos of the life with your voice. And you'll stop focusing on it. You know, if somebody shames you for feeling that or you told somebody there and they told you you were stupid, you'd obsess about it because then they're rejecting it and anything that people reject to you obsess over. So the thought would just keep getting stronger and stronger. And yes, it could rule your life and it could rule your boy's life.

Sue Bryce | You could stop them from living, from going out, from riding motorbikes, from jumping jumps, from flipping off things like your boys do, but you don't because you're not gonna fill them with fear. No. Yeah. No. It's your trauma.

Sue Bryce | So it's okay to acknowledge that. And when you say, that was pretty intense. No, it's not. You sort of thought that gave you a physical response and emotional reaction and then got you stuck in a loop of worry. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | That is not intense. That is normal. That is normal thought. I've had the same reaction to going to a networking event. I was crippled by being able to stand up and talk about myself.

Sue Bryce | I felt so unworthy of being on that stage for 5 minutes of showing up for my business or speaking for myself and my business back then, that was trauma for me. Because it attached to a trauma story. In my head, my trauma story was of rejection, And so to me, I'm about to do something that's gonna give me the ultimate rejection that fear is very real.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And that's part of my narrative. So I think if anything, what it would do is bring you to awareness. You're allowed to worry about things, but if you get stuck on it, you're praying for what you don't want, and now you're focused on it. As soon as you're focused on something, you have an emotion around it. The focus and emotion is what's attracting everything in your world, the longer you hold this focus and emotion in a negative place, the more you're going to attract from in a negative place.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. So we've got a really process what the core is. And now you could have just sat down, well, you would have come to me and gone, hey, I got stuck on this thing, and then I couldn't get off it. Then I'm crying. It's affecting me emotionally.

Sue Bryce | I would have straight away said, what does abandonment mean to you? Not to the boys. Not what you're thinking about the boys. What does it mean to you? And straight away, you would have said well, you would have said my mom and my dad, because your mom abandoned you in a different kind of way.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And abandonment is not just dying. It's some apparent leaving. It's apparent failing and falling away from the family if you have emancipated from a parent, that's abandonment. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So if your wound is abandonment, Remember, we've got abandonment, shame, and abandonment, shame, and betrayal, I never get betrayal. Only because abandonment and shame are my wounds. The trail is not my wound, so always forget it. So if you have those are the 3 wounds, the 3 social wounds, will a parent dying and a parent leaving the family is is double abandonment. That tells me if there's any trauma that's gonna trigger you, it's gonna be around abandonment.

Nikki Closser | That makes total sense.

Sue Bryce | So just bringing it pro bringing the process back to you, why am I saying this? Why am I being this? What's the filter of my past around this? What is triggering me around this? Why is it triggering me?

Sue Bryce | Why is what they're doing triggering me? And nothing your boys did triggered you. You simply felt a feeling, look at my family. A beautiful moment, your fear came up and went, what if I lost this family? What if they lost me?

Sue Bryce | That's a very real thought. You can say, Oh, I hope that does not happen, and it will happen one day because you can't say it's not gonna happen. Right. Right. I think the biggest mistake we made

Nikki Closser | is to take a look at my eye. As soon as you've said that, I don't think it ever occurred. Like, there's almost a relief in me being able to say this is going to happen one day. Just wanted to happen when I'm super old and when they're super old.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. But it's just gonna happen in a 100 years. Yeah. And that almost is

Nikki Closser | I feel like that is gonna be my my replacement thought of this automatic thought that I'm having. This is the replacement thought. I think that will help me get off of that loop.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So it's not even a replacement thought. So say it again.

Nikki Closser | The segment. I know this is going to happen. It's just gonna happen when I'm super old, like, a 100. And my kid was that sample. Say it again too?

Sue Bryce | That's acceptance.

Nikki Closser | Okay. There you go. Yes.

Sue Bryce | You just came to acceptance. Yeah. That's gonna happen.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I know it's not gonna happen for another 50

Nikki Closser | years. Right. Until I'm old.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Until I'm an old woman in my bed ready to leave this world.

Nikki Closser | With them all by my side, all my grandkids, and my great grandkids, and I'll be ready. And it's okay.

Sue Bryce | And I will be ready to leave. And when I'm ready to leave, I will be surrounded by this love, and I will know I have lived. You know, I

Nikki Closser | This is something I can see.

Sue Bryce | I wanted my grandmother. My I knew my grandmother was coming to the end of her life. And at eighty three years old, I would go every week to her horrible hospital. And I would leave, and I would say if there's a god in heaven, you won't let me be with this woman when it's time for her to go. And I will I will hold her in my arms and tell her she's loved and that it's okay.

Sue Bryce | And by this complete miracle, I got to be by her bedside. It was she died suddenly. It was set semia. We didn't know it was coming. I just happened to turn up at the hospital.

Sue Bryce | She died 2 hours later in my arms. She was looking at me. She said, I love you. She went moved it twice. I said I love you, and then she looked past me for about 20 minutes.

Sue Bryce | And really passed me. She never looked at me again. And she just, in that moment, I was holding her and my sister came, and she was holding her on this side. And in that moment, I just saw her, like, looked like this. And then she kind of just lit up.

Sue Bryce | And she was still looking past me, and I said, I was holding her and I said, whoever you're looking at, you can go with them. Like, I love you. And she just slipped away, and it was the most beautiful, incredible experience that I was able to do that for her and for me. But the truth is is, like, I want to be able to die in a way that I'm ready to go and that I think that's a really cool thing to ask for and also in your acceptance when you said it to you, it makes you feel good that you would have that choice and that you would have that choice and this is how it's gonna be. So, yeah, checking in on all those things and then straight away bringing it back to that.

Sue Bryce | And so when you say that was a big one, no, it's not in going to a networking event for me brought up all my trauma. Mhmm. It brought up my trauma story. Then it brought up my physical trauma story because they were into connected. And there's a reason I can't stand on that stage because I wasn't physically good enough to stand on that stage.

Sue Bryce | So it's just like a step by step blow of getting me back into the same belief and narrative of fear or abandonment or whatever it is. And obviously in processing that, I just have to keep stepping out of the story that I keep attaching to. So I believe it's the same, regardless. I just believe some stick with you longer. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Longer.

Nikki Closser | So I feel like so much of this is related to, like, the processing part of where you get to finally be you, like what you talked about on stage.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Like The real you.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yeah. The acceptance and the the processing ultimately leads you to, you know, like you said, an on stage. You're not listening to the three year old to the person in the back seat to, you know, my thoughts and my feelings and all the things. We finally get to come into who you are.

Sue Bryce | I'm okay. Yeah. In fact, I'm more than okay. Yeah. I'm actually likable.

Sue Bryce | And to a lot of people, I'm not likable, but that's okay. It's like And that's okay. Tuning that I'm okay. Yeah. And then I'm like, I'm actually, like, telling people all this bad stuff about me that I've thought was really bad, and other people are like, I do that too.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And, oh, I do that. And then they're like, oh, I do that. I'm so glad you do it. And you're like, you you're relieved that I do this.

Sue Bryce | And you're like, yeah. It made me, more humble in the sense that the humbleness is that I can absolutely say my flaws and I'm okay with them. Yeah. That's more humble to me is like, you know, recently somebody at the table that I was at said something nasty about a girl in the restaurant. It was a comment about their about something they were wearing.

Sue Bryce | Not their physical body, but the way they were dressed. And I said, well, I'm not gonna throw shade. I've made that mistake more times than I care to imagine. Instantly, the person who said it said, Oh, yeah. I don't know why I was throwing shade.

Sue Bryce | And I was just like, we don't need to. You know, put anything else on anybody else, especially not people sitting in the room. But when you call it out, you can a 100% correct the energy in a conversation and correct the energy in a room. And that's why I always say to people, elevate the elevate the conversation or get out of it. Now processing is one of the hardest things to learn because the first thing you do when you start to process is you almost say it in agoscopy way.

Sue Bryce | I was like, I did this and this happened, and then so and so said this and this happened. And now I feel bad because blah blah blah. First, you're looking for ways to make it okay.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You know, they did this, and I said this. And, like, you know, like, I'm not that bad. But the truth is is if you really just say the truth of it without all the other bits around, you can really get to your core. And I think the the biggest thing when I first start teaching people to hold space for me and I teach people about holding space for like I do you and me, is if I come to you with a problem about someone, I don't want you to take my side about that someone. That's what gossiping friends do.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. So if I say to you, Nikki, you will not believe what Sierra said to me. I don't want you to be like, oh, that bitch. And because that's instantly gonna bond me to you as to against Sarah. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | The truth is is I'm gonna say Oh my gosh. Sierra said this to me, and you're gonna say, oh, where did that come from? And or you're gonna say, oh, Did that trigger you? How did that trigger you? How did that make you feel?

Sue Bryce | And I'm going to say it triggered me because and blood, I'm taking responsibility for my partners. Nothing she said. She said something that triggered my loop. My thoughts, my past, my story, and I have to take it. More productive.

Sue Bryce | It is productive because you're cutting through all the beers and you're going straight to the core of it. So like you would have said, with the fair thing even around the video. Why am I stuck on this? I'm like, well, tell me what abandonment means to you, friend. Because I know you've been through abandonment.

Sue Bryce | Straight away, you would have gone, oh my gosh, I totally never thought of that. I never thought this is making me cry because I lost my parents this way, or I don't have this. And now I'm crying that my boys might not have this That's even a better one. Oh, and I got goosebumps all over my body was I don't have this thing with my parents right now. And now I'm crying because my boys do.

Sue Bryce | That's almost like, envy resentment. Right? Look at them having this amazing life. What about my life and my childhood?

Nikki Closser | They have it.

Sue Bryce | Right? So you're going through all of that I think that that's really important to acknowledge your part in that because there was nobody else involved in that story. It's not a good example because A good example would be that Sierra said something to me, and I'm just processing my part in it, not Sierra's part in

Nikki Closser | it.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Because I don't wanna make who the enemy in this moment in order to make myself look better. I'm the one that's walked away with pain. I'm the one stuck in my thoughts and my feelings about this. So that means I'm the one that needs to process it.

Sue Bryce | So learning to process with someone, learning how to hold space for someone, is that you hold space for my emotional truth to come out, not Sierra's emotional truth, or what you and I think of Sarah and her emotional truth, that's staying in avoidance It's why were you triggered. And that's why whenever I would show you something in the beginning and I'd go, oh, look. This person is doing this and you'd go like, oh, whatever. And they go, no. No.

Sue Bryce | No. They're doing this as a they they're winning at this. Whether we like it or not, they're winning at this. And I have props for them winning at this. So I don't want you to take my side.

Sue Bryce | I want you to see why these people are winning because I wanna win too. And then you're like, oh, cool. Well, yeah, I can get on board with that. And that's how we start to live. Instead of being in competition with everyone and everything.

Sue Bryce | We are now looking at envy as a goal list, and now he's saying, oh, it looks like I want that. And then now it's conversation of permission. Well, it was. Now we don't even have confirmation. Conversations of permission.

Sue Bryce | We used to have conversations of permission where you would say, I wanna do this, and I'm gonna do this. And at first, you would go, I don't know how I'm gonna be. And then I and then I go, well, you just do it the same way. You do everything. You'll just do it step by step and find a way.

Sue Bryce | And then you start finding your way and you're like, I don't know how I'm gonna get to this next level, and then you would get to the next level, and the next level, and the next level, now we don't have conversations about permission. You don't ring me and say, I wanna buy this property. Now you just said, I invested in another property. Maria. So we go through the stages of other people allowing us to live our dreams.

Sue Bryce | So you're processing everything you process, the way people talk to you, the way people treat you, the way people look at you when you walk into a room, the way you think they think about you, you project and constantly contrasting and comparing in everything you do. Your goal is to wake up and process. Why? Why it's still in your head? Nothing anybody else did to you makes you wake up in yesterday's emotions.

Sue Bryce | You're the only one that can hold on to their trauma, their story. So if you're waking up with it, it's yours. That person might be dead. They might be in another country, and you'll never see them again, but they did or said something you that is retriggered in you every day. And like we said before, the brain doesn't know the difference between what's happening now and what was happening is just gonna start thinking, and then your body is gonna start responding.

Sue Bryce | And being stuck in yesterday's emotions is pretty much gonna hold you back in every area of your life. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | You had talked about too on stage about And and I feel like this is all related. You have to stop avoiding yourself and start loving yourself. It's, again, going back to the acceptance, it in processing at all and admitting that this is what I'm doing and why I'm doing it and everything. And It's all in the end about loving yourself. I mean, isn't it?

Nikki Closser | It's all about you. It's all about

Sue Bryce | your self value. It truly is. Every response you're having is coming from internally inside you. Mhmm. Everything you think, everything that you get stuck on, every past story that attaches to all of those emotions is you.

Sue Bryce | And you're the one that's constantly talking in your head. You're the one that's constantly getting stuck in loops And that's what you're trying to do. You're trying to process my thoughts. So think of it like this. In order to feel something, you have to think something first.

Sue Bryce | Once you think something and then you get a feeling, it washes over you in 90 seconds. In order to keep feeling it, you have to keep thinking another thought. Okay. We know this, and yet we get stuck on thoughts that we can't get off because we get stuck on feelings. Now some people get really emotionally addicted.

Sue Bryce | To feeling a certain way, and they will keep ringing situations back the same way so they can experience the emotion the same way. And that's just being stuck. Processing is and I know that there's a lot of quotes that are like, imagine if you could Live your life knowing that everybody's response to you is theirs, not yours. Like, it's not Mhmm. How you believe you're being responded to is everybody else's energy and everybody else's responsibility.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | The truth is is once you realize that regardless of what somebody did, you're the one holding the loop, the story, and it's in your brain, you're the only one that can process it out. So if you're really trapped on the same emotion, you might need to look at why you're so emotionally addicted to feeling this way. Maybe you feel like your needs will be met if you are this way. Maybe your needs are being met when you're this way. But then they stop being met and you don't want to be this way anymore because you need to no longer being met, but they were being met and now they're not being met anymore and you have to change.

Sue Bryce | That's hard because you feel that you can't change and that you're stuck. But all you have to know when it comes to processing anything is if I observe my thoughts and my feelings, not as the guru driving the car, but the true not the truth, but just the constant contrast and compared that I live with in my brain. I can separate those idiots, get some space between that old story and start writing a new one. I also know that the more you are out of love with your day, the more that you're in lack, the more you're gonna look for old trauma stories.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | The more that you don't walk your true par, you're gonna look for old trauma stories. The more that you don't want this feeling, you're gonna look for old stories to justify it. The more you walk towards what you want, start creating what you want, start creating the self you want, start loving and accepting yourself start waking up and you're processing, start putting boundaries out. You all of a sudden are waking up every day. And what you do is you'll look for old trauma.

Sue Bryce | And then you're like, I don't do that anymore. I literally don't do it anymore. It's still there in my past, and I've just let it be because honestly, I'm so focused on building this with joy. I no longer feel bad about this. Over here.

Sue Bryce | And that's the moment. That's the moment you know when you're looking for trauma and you're like, I looked for a problem this morning. Instead of waking up.

Nikki Closser | Red flag. Yep. And it's it's time.

Sue Bryce | It's time to change. It's yeah. But then you're coming to a witness that you're still doing it. And I want you to do this, because this changed my life. Whenever I would think a bad thought and get stuck on a loop.

Sue Bryce | Oh, they did this to me, and they hurt me this way. They did this to me, or they said this to me, and this made me feel this way. I would say this is a sustained focus of manifestation. Any sustained focus is manifesting at a powerful rate. I am a master creator.

Sue Bryce | In the positive, and the negative. If I hold this focus, I'm creating more of it. And I would just say it. And as soon as I've said it, I was like, oop. I'm gonna go and distract myself as something I really wanna do that makes me feel joyful.

Sue Bryce | Because if I stay focused on this, I'm manifesting.

Nikki Closser | Yep.

Sue Bryce | Focus and emotion is how you create and manifest anything. All you have to do is wake up every day, get your focus, get your emotions straight, get your focus into alignment. And it all starts with your thoughts. So if the thought triggers an emotion, then our job is to change that thought, reframe that thought, eliminate that thought. And the only way you can eliminate a thought if it's a belief about yourself is to bring it to the light.

Sue Bryce | Tell everybody what it is and accept it. And the only way you can change a thought is to reframe it. I don't believe this anymore. Mhmm. I don't believe I'm worthless anymore.

Sue Bryce | I believe that for huge part of my life. I don't believe I'm too much anymore. And when I am too much, I I realized that I'm tired and I probably need to set some boundaries around not being in the room, but I'm overextending myself And because I go into that hyper

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You know, because of my hyperactivity and my ADHD, I can get very, like, when I'm tired, Yeah. And now I know that's a boundary. If I'm being that person, I need a boundary to leave the room because I need to replenish and stopping this crazy person, bringing my ADHD to the light to people are like, I don't even believe in ADHD Dee. People feed their kids too much sugar. I know people say that because I said it.

Sue Bryce | I said it. And then, you know, as I grew up more and more and people like, you know, you have ADHD. I was like, you know, I don't even believe in ADHD. And I said, okay. Now that I understand and I understand my brain.

Sue Bryce | I have a brain coach. I talk about people. I talk about ADHD. I talk about ADHD. I talk about creatives with ADHD because let's face it.

Sue Bryce | 63% of creative people have roaring ADHD. Actually, it's higher. Sorry. It's a higher amount, but there is a massive percentage of people with neurodiversity that are just struggling in their personal lives because they don't know what's wrong with them, and they're not getting the right help. So bringing that to the light made people judge me because I saw people go, I didn't believe in it.

Sue Bryce | And I'm like, cool. You don't live in my brain.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | And you don't know what I have to experience to go through a normal day. And until you learn what ADHD really is, and free yourself of that judgment and that stigma. You can't be free. Not if you think it shameful of other people judge it. People don't need to hate what they fear.

Sue Bryce | And if they don't know anything about it, then yeah. So a lot of and put it like this. When I found a doctor for ADHD in the US, I had to in order to get help here. I needed a doctor here. I finally got a doctor here for ADHD, and she's interviewing me on telehealth, like, on, you know, on the screen, and she said to me, could you write a book?

Nikki Closser | I remember that. I remember when this

Sue Bryce | happened. Yeah. And I'm like, well, my doctor, ADHD doctor was like, could you write a book? And I said to her, like, Yeah. I was like, why would I write a book about ADHD?

Sue Bryce | And she said, because all I do is talk to people every day with this. And they are not successful like you are. And I was like, oh, see, here's the thing that I learned. 88 d comes with a whole lot of stigma and a whole lot of embarrassing things.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But it also has some superpowers. Mhmm. Some really good ones. Like obsessive focus. And the reason I'm successful is because my mom identified that 3 of her 4 children had roaring ADHD, and so she really helped us bring our creativity out because she knew that whatever we were really focused on creatively, we would be.

Sue Bryce | And I come from a family of creators, My brother builds big apartment buildings. My little brother builds stone. He's a stonemason. My sister isn't one of the most prolific illustrators I've ever met in my life. My mom's a sculptor and a painter, and she taught us how to lock into what we were really driven by.

Sue Bryce | So I realized that I'm I couldn't finish school or anything like that, but I was so good at mastering my craft because I was so obsessively focused. So there's so many wonderful things that come with the stigma. And once I started to bring that to the light and say it in my conversation, And the being too much was all about ADHD for me. It was being over tired, talking too much, being overly impulsive, overly compulsive, and being too loud, too aggressive, like a child that couldn't come down from too much sugar all the time. And it's cute when it's a seven year old boy.

Sue Bryce | But it's not cute when it's a thirty seven year old woman. And I thought there were so many things about me that were broken because of that And then I bought that to the light, and then I realized that people all around me are suffering from this very basic thing, and they need to reframe it. So reframing it is not only bringing it to the light. It's saying it in a different way, and you're saying everything that you are What we're seeing it, we're being it, we're saying it, we're doing it. And you don't realize how much of it is in your language.

Sue Bryce | So now I can say to people, Oh, I would be challenged there because I'm very hyperactive. And people look at me and they often go and do a nervous laugh because I've just said something, but I'll bring that back into conversation. It's not something I'm gonna hide. I can't sit down. There's a reason I can't sit still for a long time, so I wanna bring that to the light and be completely okay with it.

Sue Bryce | Now I'm meeting all of these women who, didn't know they had ADHD. And women, I'm saying women, dudes less so because all of the research on ADHD is for boys, white boys.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Right. White boys. So there's not a lot of research on cultures, different cultures. There's not a lot of research. No research on girls that's only just coming out now.

Sue Bryce | Girls present in ADHD very differently than boys. And so it's very unusual for girls to be hyperactive. That's why I am the hyperactive marker of ADHD is in the 100 percentile. They're like, you are hyperactive like a seven year old boy. And I'm like, yep.

Sue Bryce | And I always have been. So to me, that physical hyperactivity manifests in so many different ways. So now that I and then when I add menopause or period menopause and my anxiety goes off the charts, heart palpitations, hot flashes, which I don't even know what's happening. I didn't even know what perimenopause was with ADHD. I think had I not been in a loving place with myself?

Sue Bryce | When I was going through, I I would have fallen apart. It took its physical toll on me. Like, I've never ever seen before. So reframing anything was one bringing it to the light, 2 saying it in a different way, and 3 was me accepting these things. Was a non accepting of ADHD or was a non accepting that people around me judged it.

Sue Bryce | And therefore would judge me. Mhmm. So bringing anything to your light in acceptance processing anything this way is how you get there. But the filter of your past is usually the clearest indicator of why you're hearing something in any way other than from a state of love. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | Again, going back to loving yourself and doing things with joy. I know that's a big part of the processing too. Is to begin to do things enjoy doing the things that you truly want to do and love and creating something out of joy for yourself. Is another huge part of it.

Sue Bryce | People women don't do that. I said people, but women don't do that. Yeah. And I think what men do is men kind of think of a structure and they try and work around a structure that they think is the perfect life. Whereas women, we tend to people please like, oh, no.

Sue Bryce | I'll go along with anything. Because it's making you happy. So we're definitely more people pleasing, And I think when boys get out of alignment with that, they kind of tend to be more conceptual instead of just trying to create what's in their heart or what they really want. So when you think about it, what brings you joy? What really brings you joy, and now that you're becoming so aware of how powerful your thoughts and feelings are, How about the next time you're feeling a moment of joy?

Sue Bryce | Like, let's say you just in the Abby, you look up your dog's there. She's healthy and happy. Your boys are laughing or not sleeping, arguing, it doesn't matter. Dance driving, you're listening to music, you look at him and you go, babe, look at our life. Look what we built.

Sue Bryce | Like, this is joy. And that's when you speak out that gratitude, you know, and you go, oh, I'm having a moment of gratitude. Look at this incredible family. Look at this incredible moment. This fills me up.

Sue Bryce | Hold it in your body. I can feel it. Just so you know, my brain works no differently than yours, I'm talking about a moment you head in the RV, but I can feel it in my physical body because your joy is bringing me joy. Talking about joy is making me respond in joy. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So that's how catchy joy is. Yeah. Instead, every moment that you had that was joyful, speak it out. And you can say something simple like It's these moments that make me wanna live to a 100. I want more of this.

Sue Bryce | I want this every day for the next 64 years. Like, you can be like, this is what I love. This is what I like. This is what I have. This is what I appreciate.

Sue Bryce | This is my gratitude. This is my joy, and you don't have to, please, you don't need to speak your to to your children. It doesn't have to be boys. I'm so grateful to be your mommy, and I'm so grateful to be in this tribe.

Nikki Closser | You know, like, I say that all the time.

Sue Bryce | I know. And you can say that. You can go, boys. I love you, but this is what I love. This moment, you're just speaking it out.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't to be to them in that way. It's just like, I love these moments with you guys. This is what I live for. This is love. This is joy.

Sue Bryce | This is my family.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Like, you just say it like that. It doesn't have to be because I I see a lot of parents do this. Are you having a good time?

Nikki Closser | Oh, yeah.

Sue Bryce | Are you having the best day? Are you having the best day of your life? It's like stop telling your children to be happy.

Nikki Closser | Feel. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | They are happy. Yeah. Or ask them how they feel, and they might just look at you and go, I feel like, nothing because I don't have to be happy or sad. I'm just why are you making me something? I was like, stop pushing happiness on your kids.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Like, your gratitude is not their happiness. Yeah.

Nikki Closser | I see that a lot too. People telling telling their kids how they should be feeling in this moment.

Sue Bryce | It's not that they tell them. It's that they keep asking until they get the response that they help you with. I was like like, you know, you don't need to keep asking your kids. Are you having the best day of your life? I'm having a day.

Sue Bryce | Like, does it have to be the best day of my life? Because, you know, you don't need to entertain your kids. Yeah. You need to teach them how to find their own space and their own joy, whatever that is. So, yeah, acknowledge the gratitude in you in you.

Sue Bryce | This is what I love. Yeah. I love this. I love this moment. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I love this connection. That's what you acknowledge, and it doesn't have to be, you boys make me feel so good. Mhmm. Because they do make you feel good, but other people make you feel good too. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And you can't always put it on them. So You know,

Nikki Closser | I know that's a really good point, making them be responsible for your happiness. Like, it's you I you see that a lot with

Sue Bryce | Well, you do. Especially when you make me so happy, you're being a good boy right now, but then when you're a bad boy and it's like, you disappointed me. It's like, oh, so if I'm good, you're happy. Mhmm. If I'm bad, you're not happy.

Sue Bryce | And it's like, still, I was just having a feeling over here, or I wasn't being good or bad, I was just responding emotionally and learning how to regulate myself.

Nikki Closser | Yes. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So we put all of that on our kids, but so, yes, out the gratitude for the moment. Mhmm. I love that. I I know for a fact that my husband and I, whenever we have a moment where we're just so grateful, he says this one thing to me. And to other people, it might be something like, really, he says that, but to us, we know what it means.

Sue Bryce | And what it means is, who's got it better than us? He always says, Who's got it better than us? And I high 5 of them, and I go, nobody. And that's not true for either of us. We want all people to win, but it's our little way of saying, we are living the life that we want to live and we do this and we make these decisions, and we love our choices and who's got it better than us.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, it was just one of those things. Also, I wanna say, I grew up poor. And, poor in my mind. Absolutely. I say, we went poor.

Sue Bryce | We were broke. We had a poor mentality, but we were definitely broke. And I grew up like that, but my dad and my mom loved to sit and watch the sunset, whether it was with a glass of wine or whatever. They'd hold hands at the beach. And I grew up with this gratitude, like, even though we had nothing compared to most, and my dad always said this one thing.

Sue Bryce | He'd say, I wonder what all the poor people are doing. And I grew up with that. Because we'd be watching the sunset. And I remember reading it Cat Toles book the new earth, and it said, if you can't source the magic of all life in a sunrise, what are you doing here? So I was like, I would see my parents have this gratitude for life, even though they didn't have much.

Sue Bryce | And then I grew up and I turned to my business partner one day after I built my first business and At that point, that business was making nearly a $1,000,000. And I looked at her, and I raised my glass. And I said, I wonder what all the poor people are doing. And she said, Yeah. You can't say that.

Nikki Closser | Can't say that.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, you don't understand where it comes from.

Nikki Closser | It's the energy in which it's not the actual

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And I was like, but it's it's the and then I realized I was like, oh, no. Cause I did everything not to be poor in terms of learning about money. So it's like, I corrected that in myself. I can't say this simple, beautiful thing that my father said, but I completely understand.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And I completely understood it from his perspective. Because he was, like, richer than god, and he knew it. And that makes him a very rich man. Yes.

Sue Bryce | Pro oh, we were talking about processing, and we went to death and parents and didn't come back.

Nikki Closser | We know. It happens. Well, next time is boundaries. Yeah. That'll be a good one.

Sue Bryce | I'm getting so good at boundaries, man. Am done. I didn't know even at 52. I'm about to turn 52 on June. I keep saying I'm 52.

Sue Bryce | That I'm recovering people pleaser. It's in my DNA, right? So it's on my 23 and me, and I didn't realize, boundary setting was such a big thing, but, oh my gosh. So aside from knowing the difference between an ultimatum and a boundary is I didn't realize that I had not mastered the difference. I I know the difference between an ultimatum and a boundary.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. But I didn't know the difference between a boundary and a request.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And the rest And to me, I wasn't throwing out ultimatums. I was throwing out requests. A request is I need you to help me with this thing. And a boundary is I'm not going to do this anymore. Right.

Sue Bryce | Right.

Nikki Closser | And you're not gonna I'm not gonna let you do that to me anymore either.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. It's just no. A boundary is no. A request is I need help, and an ultimatum is help me or I'll leave. And I was like, I was simply speaking out more requests and feeling bad about making that request instead of drawing that boundary line in the sand and saying no.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, I have learned more about boundaries teaching boundaries. Yeah. And boundaries is pretty much where the buck stops from here on in. So processing, if I can leave you with that processing waking up every day in yesterday's emotions or tomorrow's worry, and just coming to a witness as to what you're really focused on. Is it avoidance of what I have to do today?

Sue Bryce | And then getting back into alignment is clearing that emotion so that you don't get stuck in the loop so that you can get down to the heart connection and then up to showing up and focus. And then once you shop and focus, you don't need to reset your alignment. In fact, you don't need to reset your alignment every day. I don't. Only when I wake up carrying something from yesterday.

Sue Bryce | And that is less and less. You know, like, I don't wake up in yesterday's emotions every day. I used to. Mhmm. So emotional mastery and emotional intelligence, they're the that's the goal here.

Sue Bryce | Is to get your head right so that your heart can connect to what you really want so you can see yourself as more so you can ask for more. So you can show up every day in that joyful connected focus and get more for yourself to have more experience, more life, more love, more for film it, doing more of what you love, with the people you love, more gratitude, more joy, more connection, and more of everything because you choose to believe that you are worth more, and that is the bottom line. Wake up every day and process that.

Nikki Closser | Alright. We will be back next time for boundaries.

Sue Bryce | Oh, boundaries is gonna be fun. See you next time.

Nikki Closser | I'll see you then.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 14 - Processing ====
