==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 15 - Empowered Emotional State ====

This is the most crazy thing about business owners and earning money. An empowered emotional state and you are your emotions. When you're selling, you're selling in an emotional state. When you're marketing, you're marketing in an emotional state. Right?

So if you're in an empowered emotional state, you have certainty, you have confidence, you have clarity, you have courage, conviction and value. Okay. If you're in a disempowered state, a disempowered emotional state you are the opposite to all of those. You're overwhelmed. You're fearful.

You're uncertain, and you lack any form of value. Put your hand up if that's how you're running your business right now. Have a think about that. Okay. Now you are going to go into those bottom states probably daily, especially when you first start out in business because you're so unsure yourself and your service, but look at the top ones.

If you were working from up there certainty, courage, confidence. Instead, you're working in the bottom half. So you're speaking fluent rejection in the bottom half, and you're speaking fluent lack. And you're doing that in a clearly disempowered state. Now in order to empower yourself, the fastest way to empower yourself is to empower your client.

So instead of trying to empower yourself to the empowered states above, Why don't you instead empower the person standing in front of you? Because somebody who is working from a disempowered state is going to disempower their client, and nobody is gonna pay you $1500 to disempower them. So imagine you turn you you acknowledge right now I'm in a disempowered state and Isn't there there's something weird about that? So if I said to you right now, I feel lacking in value and not good enough I feel depressed. I feel down.

I feel like I can't do this. I feel like I'm not good enough. I feel like I'm never gonna get paid, and those are all familiar feelings. Right? And if I said that to you, you'd be like, oh, they hurt, but when I said right now I'm in a disempowered state, I've instantly turned the word into an action.

I'm disempowered right now. Like, I don't feel good, so I'm disempowered, and I know that my client's gonna pick up on it. Could you say that? Could you say that to yourself? Is that okay if you say that?

Right. Acknowledge it out loud. Okay. Wow. I have to go into this consultation, and I'm in a really disempowered state.

So if you're my friend and you got my phone number, and you rang me and said, Sue, can you talk for a minute? I'm going into a big consultation, and I'm in a really disempowered state. My first question would be what disempowered state are you because I want you to acknowledge I want you to acknowledge what that feeling is. So I want you to say Well, somebody didn't buy from me last night, and so I feel not good enough. Or I was seeking validation, and I'm not getting it.

Or the client that coming in is a good friend of my mums, and she puts me down a little bit and makes me feel disempowered. The next thing I would tell you would be, how are you going to empower her? Like turn all of your disempowered energy into empowering her, give it to her because what we're lacking, we're not giving. So if you're not getting enough love in your life, give more love. If you're not getting enough attention in your life, give people more attention.

What you're suffering from, you're not giving. So when you're disempowering yourself, you can disempower this woman instantly with your own weakness in that moment instead of empowering her or him, the person in front of you that needs to be served. So your disempowered emotional state is a dangerous place, and you cannot work, you cannot attract clients, you cannot attract money, you cannot attract abundance while you're disempowered. You can't. And so what I need you to do is acknowledge, not the fear, not the pain.

Not don't even acknowledge what this person potentially is gonna do to you because you're projecting anxiety into a situation that has not happened. You're saying this person is more valuable than if you're terrified of meeting with them, you're saying this person is more important than me and more valuable than me. And what you're saying is I am disempowered. So instead of going through all the drama, just stop and say right now I'm in a disempowered state. I need to take control of the situation, turn my full empowerment to this client, empower them.

And, you know, to empower a client, or a coworker or somebody you work with to empower them is to take the energy away from you just for a minute and make them the stronger one. It's to give somebody support when you need it the most. Turn it and it will come back to you straight away because in that moment, you've just empowered yourself. You're not empowering another and waiting for them to return the favor, you have just empowered yourself. Done.

You have overcome your own lack of power and now you are fully giving power to somebody else and they are rising up. So with your parents and with the mirror of the people you're seeing, with hateful people, with people who challenge you, and with clients who challenge you, you're going to turn that disempowerment into empowerment and I'll tell you why there are two states that are the greatest sense of empowerment in the world and that is love and compassion. If you can overcome your own fear, your own pain body, your own drama, and own story long enough to give love and compassion to empower another human being, to empower your parents, to empower a client, you will become one of the strongest people Earth. Because your ability to give love and energy is extraordinary. It is so powerful.

People will be in awe of it. And, you know, it is a crazy thing, but you're a spiritual being and you are capable of great love and you have the power to transcend other people's fear. And here you are sitting in fear in a disempowered emotional state, saying this person isn't gonna pay me. This person won't value me, this person won't think that I'm good enough, and I'm saying to you to stand up in that moment and say, oh, I am in a disempowered state right now, which is showing me something. I will ground my feet into this earth, and I will give from an empowered state of love and compassion to the person that is walking into my room, and you know something, the more that person pushes your buttons.

So if they're a hateful person and you know they're gonna make you feel disempowered, The more you love them with compassion, the more powerful you will become, and the same with them. The most empowered state is to give service. Now I have all the ease on my wall, at home. I entertain when I teach, when I speak, when I shoot in my business entertainment is in my social media. Entertainment is what I'm thinking about when I'm engaged in people.

Part of me wants to entertain. I want to engage I want to engage with enthusiasm. I want to educate. Okay. I want to educate my clients.

I want to educate my followers. I want to educate my students I want to educate everybody that's part of my life. I want to educate because I love to learn. I am emotional. Yes.

I'm an experience maker. I focus more on empowering these states than I do on disempowering mind. I love to create experiences because people remember them and talk about them and tell stories about them, You need to elevate your client. You need to elevate your team. You need to elevate your coworkers.

You need to empower the people around you instead of getting stuck and disempower entering yourself. And when you turn your energy into empowerment, you become the strongest person in the room, and then others come up to meet you. And all the mirror falls away and all the fear falls away and all the hate falls away, and that is the state in which I want to dwell. Now the state in which you dwell is the state that you constantly check your emotional that is your emotional empowered state. And sometimes my emotional powered empowered state is a little bit meh and I have to bring it up, but I do that by empowering others.

And when I empower others, I feel it's shift inside me instantly. So here's the thing about this state here, the state in which you dwell is about managing the state that you dwell in on a constant level the people who walk the biggest pain path, so the most successful people that have the most amount of pain on their pain path manage their state, Now if somebody is gonna hurt you, you're allowed to be hurt for how long. And then after that, it's on you. Now if somebody hurts you, lets you down disappoints you, back stabs you, crushes you, talks about you, bullies you, you're allowed to be hurt for. And then it's on you.

Alright? And the best part about that is manage your disappointment. Manage your state. This person ruined my day. Did he, or did he just ruin 90 seconds of it?

You get a choice, manage your state because the state in which you dwell, the more you stay disempowered, the more you're going to work disempowered, you're gonna work disempowered, and then you're gonna be all crinkly and stinky, and you're gonna be talking to clients, and you're not gonna empower them. Cause it's nothing inside you to give, so you're gonna take from them, you're gonna hate them, and then you're gonna transfer your disempowerment to them. They're gonna feel disempowered by you you're not gonna you're not gonna attract anything. There is no money. There's no abundance, and there is no love in disempowering people.

There is only needing to elevate yourself bully. And the truth is is, you know, you're bullying yourself constantly and you need to elevate yourself by empowering others by giving service, by giving your strength out. The more I cheer for people, the more that come, I feel like that's where it comes from. The saying, the more you give comes back to your tenfold, I never worked that out until right now. The more you empower, the more you are empowered, it's not what you get back.

It's what happens inside you.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 15 - Empowered Emotional State ====
