==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 07 - Love ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. I'm Nicky Closser, your host of the self value deep dives with Sue Bryce. Welcome back. How are you?

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So today's deep dive is love, and this one was incredible. Because whatever situation you are in, whether you're single in a relationship, you know, just coming out of a relationship, all of this can apply and just be so incredible with I

Sue Bryce | also think you've gotta start with self love, right, because that's the purest love that you'll ever find in this planet, but that's the most important one. So don't discount, you know, self love being the first. Then attracting love, I think we should definitely talk about that. Everyone who doesn't have a love relationship once 1. So I feel like those 2 things are directly connected.

Sue Bryce | And then we'll talk about if you're in a relationship if you wanna make it better, deeper, more amazing, but we should probably talk about if you're in a relationship that you want change or maybe reconnection as well. So but the self love part to me is the most important part.

Nikki Closser | Absolutely. And that's been the theme throughout this entire workshop. And people who have taken the workshop have have been able to work through so much of that. It's been so incredible to see.

Sue Bryce | It really incredible. I feel like now people are starting to understand that they can let go of the narratives of their past. And they're now creating their now and their future every single day just by waking up and their emotional selves. I feel like And I'm gonna I do say this a lot, especially as women. Now there are men that do this workshop.

Sue Bryce | It's not a woman's workshop. It's a it's a self value workshop, but socially women are more conditioned in this way, to hide their emotional selves. Men are more compartmentalized emotionally, And maybe we teach a lot of that as little boys. We teach them to compartmentalize, but when we know with the male brain, that when they experience intense emotion, they will put it into a room, shut the door, and it's like 10 feet deep cast iron. This is a vault, and they don't no one can open that door.

Sue Bryce | They can only open that door. We consider that door rejected waiting for that conversation around that emotional time to come back maybe for the rest of our living days and they may never choose to open it. That is a gift that men have in their brains. Women don't. They have this.

Sue Bryce | I always say It's a spewing volcano of emotional mass, but the truth is is our emotional brains are so intrinsically tied to who we are as women, like the caretakers, the nurturers, the baby makers, the tribe growers, you know, the feeders, that we're even we even have a different peripheral vision biologically because we've just been hardwired to grow this way. So I feel like when it comes to the emotional self, women are more inclined to to, be crazy or be unstable or be the one that's always moody because our emotional selves are way more upfront than than guys are. So when it comes to getting kicked off emotionally around self love or self perception or being in love, our emotional selves way up and out here. So I feel like when this whole conversation around our love relation, how we communicate that we need more love, how we communicate that we need more touch, it is really foreign to men. It is it is a part of them that they don't live through this big emotion out there like we do.

Sue Bryce | And so all of these areas of love, whether it's self love, attracting love, being in a relationship, we think it's about other people, but it's really about managing our emotional selves around the love that we think we're getting. Gosh. That was a really long answer, but, like, there is so much to unpack in this love segment. And I know that some people will wanna go off on different tangents, so I'll cover all of it. We'll work something out of there.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. One of the questions that you asked when you were on stage is would you date yourself? Right?

Sue Bryce | Oh, yeah. Because I always single, like, right into my forties. Right? And I was the last single one, but I went through all of the stages of being single, feeling broken, feeling like what's wrong with you.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Trying endlessly to, you know, meet people, but it just not feeling right. And really at the court. If I was really honest, I truly believed I was not I I was broken. I lived a lot in my fantasy of what a relationship could be would be instead and in my fantasy self. I was not the person I am in my everyday self.

Sue Bryce | And that's when I knew if you really look at this fantasy idea of a relationship, like, I used to just fantasize for years when I meet someone, I will do this, have this, this, this, and in my in my visualization, I didn't look the way I looked now. I didn't have what I had now. I I was visualizing a future self that would have all of these things if somebody loved me. And that was such a lie in itself that it took me a long time to see through that I am, you know, the one that's in love with myself. I'm love, and I'm just gonna attract a mirror version of where I'm at.

Sue Bryce | So if I'm attracting a mirror to where I'm at, that simply means I've got to love myself more. So, yeah, would I have dated myself back then? No. If you'd actually sat down and said, would you date you right now? What do you believe is could be better about you?

Sue Bryce | I could have given you a list of 10 things that were just like, I need to lose weight and I need to get my money in order. And, like, I these are not things you can do in 2 days. I was saying I'm a different person, I'm not good enough now. So I was living in this fantasy. Would you date you right now?

Sue Bryce | I always said to people, if you write a list, of everything you want in a partner. Write a list. Describe them to me. You know, what do they physically look like? Are they fit?

Sue Bryce | Do they like, you know, hours in front of TV, or do they like hours hiking? Which one would you rather be with? Like, what are they? Who are they? Are they night owls, or are they morning people?

Sue Bryce | Do they are they self starters, motivators, Are there people that, have control over money? And and if you're writing everything on that list that's the opposite to you, you want those things to fix yourself. Because only somebody that wants the opposite of what they are would want something that they're not would want to be something that they're not, and that tells me all those things you wrote down and not you. And all those things are what you want for yourself. So maybe you should just look at that list.

Sue Bryce | Now, anybody who write I always say write me a list and send it to me. In fact, one of my girlfriends, she texts me the other day, and she said my life is incredible. My business is here. My personal life is here. My physical connection to my body is here.

Sue Bryce | My, you know, everything is here and she's like, I can't attract a relationship right now. And I was like, oh, let's find out why. Send me a list of everything you want that person to be. And when I get that list, I'm gonna see 2 things. I'm either gonna see a whole lot of things that you're not, that you want to be, or I'm going to see a list of you because really all it is when you love who you are and you ask for the person to match you, the person to bring this energy into your life, they are a mirror version of you.

Sue Bryce | In fact, they're only ever gonna be a mirror of you. They're gonna be a mirror of how much you love yourself. And they will mirror love back to you in direct proportion to how much you love yourself, and it's about how much they love themselves. And then how much they love themselves, you will mirror back their love to them, and they will feel profoundly loved. The more you love who you are.

Sue Bryce | So when I see that list, I see 2 things. If you want to attract love right now, look at that list. And if everything on that list is you, then you need to ask and make room for the relationship you want in your life. To clear it, say it out loud. I'm ready to meet someone.

Sue Bryce | And my list is written. I love who I am. I have a lot to give. And I have a lot to share. How do you wanna share it?

Sue Bryce | As soon as you work that out, you start opening the door to the person that you want to walk in. Do you remember being single?

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Totally. And something you said that just so powerful is being single is easy because you never have to see the bad parts of yourself reflected back in like I think that is a mirror gloss.

Sue Bryce | It can't tell that quote. It's not a direct quote, but it is very similar to that. It is easy to be single. Yeah. Because he was always saying in the present moment of now, when you're not in the past, you're not in the future, you're just seeing yourself in the now right now.

Sue Bryce | And And to stay there for that moment and see love reflected back, yes, you can hide when you're single. But you can also hide in a relationship. Oh, yeah. It's just different. Also, I don't know why being forty female and single was, like, a bad thing.

Sue Bryce | Like, I think about it now now that I've been in a long term relationship, which I did not have a long term relationship in my twenties or thirties. And now that I'm married and I've been in a long term relationship, I understand that I survived so long single, and I could abs I'm very good single. I'm not somebody that would jump out of a relationship into another relationship, not criticizing. I know there's a lot of people that do that, but spending time alone helps you understand who you are. So does.

Sue Bryce | But being with people helps you understand who you are more. Being alone gets you quiet where you can really understand who you are if the noise of other people, like people pleasing is too much. But honestly, when you're around people, you're you're always contrasting and comparing. So when you're around people you love and you love them and respect them, friends, family, partner, when you're around people, you love and respect, that love and respect themselves and have a high high value for themselves, you want to show up in love every single day because you want to be a better person every single day in this love space. That's why when you fall in love, it's really all about, look, I'm loved.

Sue Bryce | I'm accepted. I'm loved. I'm accepted and you wanna keep showing up in love. But then life gets into familiarity and rhythm and you get used to each other and and then you hurt each other and you get you bank some resent for behavior and you get little scar tissues against each other and friendships do this, families do this, relationships do this. And then we're communicating love boundaries, and we're communicating how to love me.

Sue Bryce | And if we stop loving ourselves, we don't communicate how to receive love at all. So it all starts with this idea that if I am who I wanna be, how I wanna look, doing what I want, how I wanna do it, living how I want with those who I wanna live with, having this rich, full, self love, self value life, then every single relationship in my life will be exponentially better.

Nikki Closser | I remember the relation long term relationship I had before I met Dan. I used to say things like You don't love, like, the real me. Like, you don't love me for the right reason. And this poor guy, he's so confused. Like, what are you talking about?

Nikki Closser | But in reality, I I just didn't love myself. I didn't I hadn't created myself yet.

Sue Bryce | What were you wanting him to say in that moment? Like, if you really think back, what were you were you wanting him? Were you acting out to get love. Like, just, you know, how we say Yeah. Yeah.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | When children don't feel loved, they act out to see who matters. Who if they matter. Right?

Nikki Closser | I think I was, but I think I wasn't who I wanted to be. So, for example, I wanted to be really independent and just you know, I felt like he wasn't allowing me to grow.

Sue Bryce | And yet you

Nikki Closser | were asking for validation from him,

Sue Bryce | So your voice was saying something and you were wanting something else.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. I used to break up with guys if I didn't feel enough from them. I'd break up with them just to sort of litmus test and how they wanted to come. Like, just I just break up with them because I was just so I I was so mean like that, but then I got older. And of course, that all changed.

Sue Bryce | You know, I just didn't end up. I just avoided it from the I actually avoided it but I used to say to partners, you don't even know who I am. Yes. And so I think I would say that because I was like, no need. You don't know me.

Sue Bryce | And the truth is is why would somebody who's intimately with you not know you Right. Because you are not revealing your true self to them. So if anybody said these words, you don't love me enough was definitely I don't I need I don't think I ever said that out loud to a single human, but I thought it with every single person I dated. And I also I think back to the 1st year, if it does even with my husband, I needed, like, I was hyperconscious of when he was in the room with me, like, even next to me, Like, it was like, like, all my energy was alert that he was near me. Like, it was so important.

Sue Bryce | And so I was holding so much, like, energy around it. And I just realized now, I was like, how did I just was so unrelaxed.

Nikki Closser | It's crazy.

Sue Bryce | It was just so important in what I was saying, how I looked, how I sat. Like, I even felt like I was posturing. Like, it was so weird to me that I needed that. And And, yeah, even after all that and we were dating, I still felt like we weren't connected. He didn't love me enough.

Sue Bryce | And then that was the moment. I was like, I was still holding these, and they were tick boxes. Like I told you, I'd written I'd written the list, but there were things on that list that I had not done yet. And I was saying, you know, I can't have a relationship until these things are ticked off. And then I realized I hadn't finished ticking off those things.

Sue Bryce | And the last things about that list were really about me. And yeah, you're right. I also wanted to be really independent in a relationship, but I found as soon as I started dating George, that I wasn't. I felt needy, and I felt like I was constantly needing validation for his love that's when I worked out that I needed to do more work. So I did that work, and then that went away.

Sue Bryce | Now I feel like I don't need his validation. I know that I come to this relationship equally as someone who needs to fill their own self so that I can overflow into our relationship?

Nikki Closser | You know, it really is funny because when I think about having, you know, I was single for 3 in between the long term relationship and when I met Dan. And during that time, I was not doing the money work and the self value work as far as you know, releasing my old stories, all the work that I've done with you since since we met.

Sue Bryce | What were you doing?

Nikki Closser | I was working on the independent and feeling like I was in control of my life and what I wanted to do. I traveled alone. I bought

Sue Bryce | my own condo. Your condo?

Nikki Closser | Yes. He loved that he felt that I was really self assured. I'll never forget when I called him. And I was like, hey. We'd only been dating for, like, 3 weeks.

Nikki Closser | I was like, hey. What are you doing? And he's like, oh, I'm, you know, I'm not riding my bike. And I'm like, sweet. Have fun.

Nikki Closser | You wanna call me when you're done? And he was like, oh, okay. And afterwards, he told me I loved that you didn't need to know who I was with, where I was going, when I was gonna be home, whenever you were just like, okay, babe. Sounds good. And there was something really attractive to him about me being

Sue Bryce | your independence.

Nikki Closser | And, yes, and and, ultimately, I had to do a ton more work and on myself and my relationship, you know, my my relationship with myself and letting go the filter in my past, all of those things, but that, I think, doing just that one little part brought us together in this really strange way.

Sue Bryce | Well, you know, he was a really, obviously, really attracted to your independence.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | And if that's what you were working on at the time, then that was clearly what you were putting for, also, that you'd bought your own condo, that you'd made your own decisions, you were strong in that area. So when you say, obviously, I had a lot more work to do, you know, a lot of people are around this work or especially the power talks are like, I now know I've got a lot of work to do and I keep saying stop saying that. You don't have a lot of work to do. You have some thoughts to change. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | You have some beliefs to shift. And you have some emotion to release that doesn't serve you anymore, these things don't have to take time. They simply they simply come from a decision that you've learned what you needed to learn. You've brought this to a awareness now, bringing it to a witness is as good as done. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | If you can shift the drama response to it, just bringing it to a witness has changed it already. Alright. So we talked about attracting love I feel like everybody wants to attract love. Then we talk about let's talk about being in a relationship. You know?

Sue Bryce | Yeah. The one thing that I saw that room light up about was when I talked about this being a mirror to you, This is you. Your relationship is about you. So let's talk about that first.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. This blew everyone away. Like, you talked about how often in your relationship are you just stewing inside? And you feel like you don't like what's happening. You have resentment.

Nikki Closser | You know, how often is that really happening?

Sue Bryce | Well, you feel insane.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | And food.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | Yep. You don't see me. You don't know me. You don't even look at me. You don't hear me.

Sue Bryce | You listen. But do you listen to me? Cause I don't feel heard. That is the voice of someone who doesn't know who they are, who doesn't know what they want, and who just wants to be seen. So That was my boys.

Sue Bryce | Always. Always. Always. This really blew people away. What is the biggest complaint you have about your partner.

Sue Bryce | This holds your greatest emotional need. So When I said that, I I felt like I heard, car screech, my breaks. And I felt like everyone was like, back that up. What is the biggest complaint you have about your partner? This holds your greatest emotional need.

Sue Bryce | So unseen, unheard, unlived, unlived, unrealized, unloved, unfulfilled. So the resentment that we build around our partners is phenomenal. The resentment is about you. So, yeah. If you can see the mirror here, And and not just with your love relationship.

Sue Bryce | Like, maybe this is a close family relationship or sister. Someone you spend a lot of time with, mom, you know, the biggest complaint you have about this person holds your greatest emotional need in that relation ship. Right? So it we're looking at primary relationship here, but if you don't have a primary love relationship, then what is that greatest need in other people? And also What is that greatest need when you're gossiping?

Sue Bryce | Like, if if other people are doing things that represent your greatest emotional need, then gossiping about someone means that there's an an emotional need in there for you. Right? That's the bit where it says more about you than me. So mirror work, this mirror work, seeing other people's behavior and how we're affected by it, and then having a look at how it's in us, is the most transformational work. I will keep saying it because it changed my entire life.

Sue Bryce | This one thing learning this one thing to see myself reflected back in all of my relationships.

Nikki Closser | I have found myself in my my marriage, my relationship with Dan, saying, I don't feel appreciated. Oh, and again, I feel bad for him because he's like, He's so wonderful. I have the best husband. And and I'm wondering, like, okay. Clearly, I'm not giving myself the appreciation for the things that I do.

Nikki Closser | I'm not

Sue Bryce | Nope. That means you're doing too much. Okay.

Nikki Closser | And you

Sue Bryce | don't appreciate the stuff that you do. And that's the thing. If you don't get appreciated for doing it. It's that why are you doing it? You don't wanna do it.

Sue Bryce | Appreciate yourself for doing it. And if you don't appreciate doing it, stop doing it, people, please. We need to like, okay. I've gotten my sister to design monsters for the car. Like, I've got, oh, I've got my thoughts and my feelings of 2 of my favorite fears great, self doubt, great old stories, got a cigarette hanging out of her mouth, but I actually think there needs to be a people pleasing monster because when that little sucker gets in the car, you know, and that's the thing.

Sue Bryce | Again, women condition to do too much, overnight, over help, over help. I love saying over help. Because there's something about over help that's better than over nurture, because over nurturing still feels good because you're nurturing your babies, but overhelping people is disabling them. So to me, yeah, if you say I'm not appreciated enough, it's because you're doing shit that you don't appreciate either. And I'm not gonna do stuff.

Sue Bryce | I don't appreciate anymore. I'm gonna find a way to outsource and ask for help, you know, or distribute that. But if I ever need to be thanked something, I'm doing it for the wrong reason.

Nikki Closser | That's so true.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And I don't need my husband to thank me. I was loading the dishwasher the other day, and he walked past. And he said, thanks. And I said, did you just thank me by loading the dishwasher?

Sue Bryce | And he was like, I appreciate it. And I said, don't. Don't appreciate that.

Nikki Closser | See, I love when Dan says, like

Sue Bryce | Like, help me. Like, you do it. I do it. I don't expected. Thank you for that.

Sue Bryce | I expect that's something we both do. It's not gonna be I'm not gonna trade off jobs that are like, thank spay. Well, thank you for appreciating me. Oh, boo. I don't do that.

Sue Bryce | And and I do. I love it. I know. I don't know. Love language.

Sue Bryce | It's a love language.

Nikki Closser | That's what it is. It's words of affirmation. It is. And I don't need it. It's fine.

Sue Bryce | Yep. Well, I love words of affirmation, but I'm I don't need that. That's not how I operate. I don't need to be thanked in my work. In fact, I'm gonna challenge that.

Sue Bryce | Words of affirmation to me are a positive affirmation. Thank you. It's not a positive affirmation. It's a pleasantry, and it's too often spoken the way I love you is. Bye.

Sue Bryce | I love you.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | That's not I don't respond to that when somebody says, bye. Love you. Bye. I go, bye. I don't say I love you back because that's not to me a connection, how you connect.

Sue Bryce | That's just a pleasantry. Thank you can sometimes be just too much of a pleasantry. Now if you walked up to someone and said, I appreciate that you do that every single day, and I don't even think about it. Because then if my husband said that to me, I would say I appreciate that you take the trash out. I don't even think about it.

Sue Bryce | Like, I could think of a way to appreciate him back, but I don't need it in a way that I'm gonna say my partner's not saying thank you enough. Like, that is wrong. That is I'm doing for. Thank you. And and that's not right.

Sue Bryce | Thank you should be gratitude. Something's been received, and I love it, and I'm grateful for you. That to me is a thank you.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. There's definitely a different intention when you say it with those words. Totally. And I think that is really more of what I'm

Sue Bryce | So next time you feel not appreciated, if it happens again and you think I don't feel really appreciated right now, Sam, I owe the giving? Yeah. Am I overgiving in this moment and expecting something in return? And it always means one thing. When you sit down and you you clean out, clear the front porch, which Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. You sweep it. What it really means is I want to be doing something else right now, and it's something I really wanna do to me. But I can't because they have all those responsibilities. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So if you think about it, the resentment is you, you know, you're like, I really don't wanna be doing this right now, guys. So the fact that I am not doing what I wanna do in order to do this and you're not appreciating it, is the wrong energy. However, that's a good thing to become aware of because when we become aware of our stuff, it's not about feeling bad about it. It's about bringing it to awareness and going, oh my gosh, I totally do that. And it and it's okay.

Sue Bryce | That called bringing it to the light. It's not there to shame us. It's there to say, yes. People do weird things to get their needs met. People do some really crazy stuff to get their needs met, and it's okay.

Sue Bryce | We've all done it. Like, It's okay. All of our bad stuff is okay.

Nikki Closser | No.

Sue Bryce | And every time we say something about our bad stuff, all the people out there identify with it when it's theirs and they go, oh, that's me. I hear that.

Nikki Closser | I can't wait to hear our students. What they what they're gonna say there number one thing is and how they're gonna be realizing it. Because at the same time we have these talks, someone has some sort of amazing, like, realization.

Sue Bryce | So great. And I love it when it's about you. You know, like, when you're the one that sees your behavior and you're the one getting the light bulb because a light bulb is you. Like, it's all cool getting a light bulb around money, and it's cool getting a light bulb around, like, all that stuff. But when you get a light bulb about your behavior, that something you do and you're and it and it's like a thing where you, like, you see the reflection suddenly.

Sue Bryce | The heart part is is when you can't see the reflection. So I do wanna talk about this because it's really important. When I first started speaking in the US, I was on a tour going to cities, and there were other speakers on the tour, and there was a there was a person on a tour speaking tour with me, and I could not stand this person. Like, I had so repelling energy towards this person. Like, so repelling every time we talk, when that's a dinner, every time they're on stage, I couldn't even go on the room.

Sue Bryce | I felt like they were fake. I felt like they were inauthentic. I felt like they were full of hype. And I would every night sit in my hotel room and just try and see the reflection to them to me. I couldn't see it.

Sue Bryce | I'm like, I'm not a fake. I did the work. I have an authentic business. I've got real numbers. Like, I was doing all this, like, contrast and compare, and I couldn't find the moment, the bad thing.

Sue Bryce | I couldn't find the thing that I hated about him that brought it back to me and everything I said about him, I hated everything about him. Right? So I was like, he's fake. I'm not fake. He has no authenticity around his work.

Sue Bryce | I do. And I was going through it, going through it. I couldn't see it. I couldn't see third day, 4th day, 4th day. I now really hate this guy, and it's killing me that I can't work it out.

Sue Bryce | So I'm talking to one of his dear friends, and I cause can't keep it to myself. I say, I hate that guy. And she's like, what? Why? He's a really great person and started to give me all these really positive things about him.

Sue Bryce | And I just sat there with smoke coming out of my ears couldn't work out what it was. Then they said this one thing. Oh, yeah. I guess you could say he's really insecure. And I felt like a knife just went like this.

Sue Bryce | Into my heart. And I hope the microphone picked that up because I just stood there. I don't know why, but that word was like something exploded in my head. It was such a cringy word that I knew in that moment that word was about me. Now I just started on the tour.

Sue Bryce | I did not have the right clothes. I had been disconnected from my body for a long time, so I looked Not as good as I wanted to. I was comparing myself to all the other women's speakers that were gorgeous and slim and beautiful. And and I was older. And even though I'd done the work and I I hadn't have that value, because I'd I'd done the value of doing the work, but I'd neglected myself so much in my thirties that by the time I got up on stage as in my forties, and I just felt like a fat old woman that shouldn't be up there And it was almost enough to stop me from launching the last 12 years.

Sue Bryce | And imagine if I'd not done that, but, you know, when I think about that, I think about what's stops you. And I was like, that is just crazy to me. But, you know, I was really insecure about how I looked. And here I was on this American international tour Like, that was, like, the best of the best in the world. And I was just struggling to believe I belonged there and I was on an internal battle and everything I saw about that dude represented cringe and hate to me.

Sue Bryce | And I was being an authentic and fake because I was standing up there telling people how to be ballsy and powerful and unstoppable. And inside, I was chewing myself up with insecurity and validation and self paid and you're too fat to stand on the stage and yet 99% of the speakers that were standing up to me didn't even have profitable businesses. It turns out afterwards. So, you know, you you're like, I was, like, so caught up in the lie and seeing him reflected back, reflected back a whole lot of stuff. So if you can't find the word, keep saying it.

Sue Bryce | And the only way to say it is go to the base emotion. It's not pretty, and that's where I could ask Nicky as a friend to hold space for me. And I would do it like this. Nicky, I have a problem. I can't.

Sue Bryce | See the way out of it. And I need you to hold a mirror for me, but I can't see how I'm mirroring this person. I can't see what I'm doing. And and it's something in my action or it's something in my thought or it's something in my belief system, But if I could just talk about this person in a really negative way, and I don't want you to judge how I'm speaking about them, because I know you're gonna hear it come out of my mouth. You know it's gonna come from me.

Sue Bryce | I don't even want you to this is not goss. I don't want you to agree with it. I just want you to go, oh, okay. What else did they do? Keep going.

Sue Bryce | How did that make you feel? You gotta get the feeling out. Right? And the feeling is that screaming three year old, and I would have just like, I hate him. He's inauthentic.

Sue Bryce | He's insecure. And when I heard it, I just went, And then I went, I'm insecure. I've never seen him again, ever. He didn't ever come back to the industry or anything, and it didn't matter that I never saw him again because it was not about him. It was about the what he represented to me and where I was in my life and my self love and my self acceptance.

Sue Bryce | And that's why self love and self value is the most important thing you can have. But, yeah, to be able to see yourself back. So now in this love relationship, you have your greatest resentment towards That person is your greatest emotional need. That's what you have to now start doing for yourself. What is the biggest mistake we make from here on in?

Sue Bryce | When we're trying to heal that resentment, I think we fall into the fixer trap.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Right? That's when we start to try and fix everyone around us or our spouse.

Nikki Closser | Okay. So, Sue, real quickly, I know, like, so many people who have done this work, done this self value work, There are some people who will do. This goes back to the yeah, but, oh, it couldn't be me or, no, it's because of this or no. If if someone's in that frame of mind where they are not taking self, you know, looking within and doing the self reflection and taking responsibility, how how do they move past it? You know, we've seen people move past it, but can you

Sue Bryce | just talk to them? Go past your emotional response. So that tells me that as you're doing this work when you're emotionally responding, it's in that It's right there in that moment in the car right there at that moment that you need to pay attention and come to full awareness of what my thoughts and feelings are saying. And understanding you're back in the loop because you only get out of alignment when you get stuck in the loop between my thoughts and my feelings. I believe in them.

Sue Bryce | So when you're not ready to do the work, you don't seek it. When you're ready to do the work, you seek it as you start to become come to a awareness of the work and how powerful it is in the mirror, you start to apply it to all the people around you, including the spouse you wanna fix and change. And then you start wanting your friends, your siblings, your parents, and your spouse to change, and you start coaching them to change, even though you're not changing, So the reflection back in that moment is I want everybody else to change, and I'm not doing the work. And then you said in yourself, So everyone keep coming to me and saying the same question, and they asked it multiple different ways. What if I want to change if my partner does not?

Sue Bryce | And I go, well, you're not trying to change your relationship. You're trying to change how much you love yourself, and that will make your partner's life better regardless.

Nikki Closser | All good.

Sue Bryce | And then they go, yeah. But if I do the work and they don't wanna do the work, then they will be left behind. And I'm like, you haven't done the work yet. So how would you even know that that they want? And people follow If you look after yourself, people follow your energy.

Sue Bryce | If they want to grow, they'll grow with you. My mom always said, every time I outgrew your dad, I would stand in my power, and I would say I'm growing husband. And he would say, okay. And then I would look back and he was always just one step behind growing with me, growing the same as me, and it was not because of me, It was like, I grow. I choose to grow.

Sue Bryce | My husband chooses to grow with me, and it was always in parallel, but she said I looked back many times and sometimes he was two steps behind and he always caught up and he always grew because it was not about him keeping up or growing more than me, it was I grow. I grow. Let's grow. And I've grown in my relationship. I've seen my husband grow in our relationship.

Sue Bryce | I've watched YouTube grow in your relationship. It's so beautiful. You can grow back in love, but, you know, you're not trying to fix anybody else, and you're not trying to fix yourself. Yeah. It's about taking a need to this, like, resistance, to this resentment, to this mirror of yourself, and seeing yourself accepting it, and then filling yourself with so much love.

Sue Bryce | It makes everybody's life around you better.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Some something else that I think really made people react when you're on stage as you were talking about how You can't expect your partner or, you know, whether it's a love partner or friend or, you know, a parent, whatever, to read your mind, and know you're suffering and understand your silent mood. Like, you just can't expect that.

Sue Bryce | And we do. We actually think, like, if you say something, especially if you say it to a male, like, I need you to do this to make me feel safe. You think you've said it once and that he will never have to be told that again in his entire life. You know, it's like that's not how it works. Too much love relationships are but hurt.

Sue Bryce | Too many love relationships are just sitting there with I'm not getting my needs met inside. Too many relationships are disconnected from each other and yet you're the primary relationship or out of alignment with what you both want. Or out of alignment with what you both want in yourselves and then out of alignment with how you come together. With the person that we rely on the most, Like, I will not live disconnected from the one person that I have committed emotionally to live with. I will not live disconnected from this person.

Sue Bryce | I would rather live alone than live constantly out of alignment with the person that I wanna in the majority of my time with. And it is really vital because how you create, like, when you first think of that list, and you think I want somebody that's gonna grow with me, I want something that's gonna develop. You don't know how another person's gonna grow or what's gonna motivate them to grow. You only know what you're gonna grow. So the fixer trap is don't expect somebody else to change in order for you to get what you want.

Sue Bryce | Don't expect somebody else to even want to do the work, show them that you're doing the work. Don't tell them.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Show them. Show them by loving yourself. By respecting your boundaries more by communicating love more by giving more because you have more to give, by being more, by asking for more, all of a sudden, they're going to just see you as more, and it's not in spite of them. It's not in competition. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You are not like, I'm working on myself, and you're not working on yourself. Love is not like that. Love is not competitive. You know? So

Nikki Closser | in which you dwell.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. If you're in competitive, you're an ego, which means you're competing to be better for love than the person you're with, and that's not love. Mm-mm. Self love is healing. It's forgiveness.

Sue Bryce | It's when you're so filled with self love you don't have an emotional reaction to that drama or that old story or that old belief anymore because you you worked out the attachment to it. Mhmm. You disconnected the attachment in your car between that old thought and that old feeling. So if I'm showing up in my relationship and I love my body and I love the time that I'm getting to build my dreams and live my dreams. And I love, you know, caring for my children because our family unit is better, and I love being in my house because it's, I mean, the house I've always wanted to live in, and it's such a joyful home.

Sue Bryce | Like, this is our goal in life is to make our lives richer with love in all of those areas just deeper meaning, more value, more connection, more of what we want, more of our true selves, being with people who are their true selves, all coming together in a place of love. So It means that the person who loves you, your love doesn't come from them. The love you share does not come from another human being. It's inside you what you feel about them. It's inside you.

Sue Bryce | And you are seeing yourself reflected back in their eyes. And if you don't see love reflected back in their eyes, because you need to love yourself more.

Nikki Closser | And I know you go so much more into in-depth during the workshop and but I feel like this is something we just really needed to talk more about and just

Sue Bryce | Please come to a place of acceptance for yourself first. The love relationship you have in your life is the one you believe you're worth right now. Right now, and it's Okay. You can fill that with more. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | This is not about leaving people. Right? This is about filling that love space. So I feel like that everybody, you're all entitled to love. Everyone is, but it's not coming from anybody else.

Sue Bryce | So the the love and entitled to that you have permission for today is to fall in love with yourself. Like, fall in love with yourself. Mhmm. Can you imagine Nikki if somebody said to me, so you're never gonna meet someone, you're never gonna have a spouse. So your goal in life would be to fall in love with your single self, your single life, in every way, shape, and form, and enjoy it.

Sue Bryce | Well, I'm an Auntie. I'm a boss. I'm a sister. I'm a daughter. I'm a best friend.

Sue Bryce | And I'm an artist, and I'm a creator, and I'm a business builder. And I love my life. So if I was only to fall in love with my life and I never got to see a love relationship, which would give me that status or that importance to think I would be a fully formed human being because they have all these love relationships in my life. So it's not about being single. People always treat single people I was always treated 40 and single, like, ugh, clearly, you've got a screw loose or there's something wrong there.

Sue Bryce | I felt like the I was talked to, like, the other half of me has not shown up yet. And I was like, I am a fully formed human being single. So, you know, I I just feel like it all comes down to self love. Oh, and I do wanna just say, if you met your spouse 25 years ago, 30 years ago, when you were children, like, my parents were children, they were 15 16 when they met. 2021 when they're married, 2223 when their first business failed, 23, 24, and 25 when they had their first children, just like that, children having children.

Sue Bryce | If you've grown with someone from childhood like that, It's that's a bond, like, unbelievable bond. That means you're closer to your own childhood traumas because you've come from them. Means you understand more about the other's family, the other's past, the other's trauma because you were trauma children together. So sometimes these core relationships are so codependent and so intrinsically tied together, but they can form really resent for better long term relationships. And if there's adult children, you know, in that love relationship, a lot of people get to that point where they're just but then there's something about that that can be revived, even any love can be revived.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't matter How much resentment is between it? If there was love there, there is always love there. And love doesn't have to be charged up. Love can just be peace of mind, indifferent, you know, it can just be that that I'm at peace, love place, instead of it in love. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | So fall in love with yourself and what fall in love with your life and what love reflected back at you in that life in every person that isn't with you.

Nikki Closser | It's remarkable. Alright. Well, we're moving on.

Sue Bryce | We have our next team because it's all about loving money. Love it. Why don't we get up in the morning?

Nikki Closser | This is a big one. Money is probably Okay. I know I say this all the time, but money is my favorite.

Sue Bryce | It's the biggest one. And it is my favorite too. You know why it's my favorite and your favorite? Because it's been some of the best conversations we've ever had in our life has been around freeing ourselves from my

Nikki Closser | Everything everything else. It it's just it's all connected. So alright. Let's do it. We'll see you next week.


==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 07 - Love ====
