==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 09 - Parents ====

So what I wanna talk about next, is something you may not have heard, and it's called clear sentient. I am very empathic, so I feel the emotions of the people in front of me so strongly that I take them on as my own. And it's also known as Claire Sentient. You may have heard Claire Buoyant, which is people who foresee, clear audio, people who hear is people who feel. And as I have started to talk to people about people that live with a lot of fear, and people that have, a lot of low self worth or a lot of not good enough they have a very high clear sentient level, and you may not have this or you may.

I have friends with a 0 clear sentience they are still sympathetic people, but they just don't have the empathy that I have in the sense that when you walk towards me, if you're telling me everything is good, I can feel that it's not. And so as I started to explore this and talk to other adults that I admit that are very clear sentient, we also have this low sense of self worth and don't understand where it comes from. And I started to ask the question, how sensitive were you as a child? And how clear sentient were you, and how empathic were you as a little child, and so many of the adults I'm talking to are like, Oh my gosh, that's so me. So I distinctly remember feeling adult thoughts and feelings as a small child, and not realizing that they weren't mine.

Now there's a lot in psychology and psychiatry regarding clear sentence, it's more along the hyper vigilance. So children of trauma are often clear sentient or hyper vigilant because they're used to reading the adults around them that are gonna prevent them from being abused or beaten. Or mistreated. So children develop a clear sentence. Yes.

They develop a almost psychic but they it's more of a hyper vigilant. It's more of a turned on to what is happening with the adults around us knowing that this could go badly at any time. And my survival as a child is I need to get out of the way. So when I start to ask people about their empathy, I have been shocked by how many people have a natural low self worth that were very clear sentient. Now here's a really interesting example.

My big brother has a natural self worth. He saves money. He's abundant. He has a very good self esteem. He's a beautiful man.

I adore him. I grew up with the same parents. I do not have what he has. I grew up more clear sentient. I'm more sensitive.

I feel like I'm a bad person most of the time. I feel the energy of people around me all of the time. I do not feel good enough. I do not save money. I do not have what my big brother has.

Then I met a pair of sisters that I'm friends with. One of them has good self esteem. She has a high sense of self worth. She saves money. Her sister is not.

She suffers her own depression. She doesn't feel good enough largely. She can't save money. She's always on the down and out. They grew up with the same They were both talking to me separately, and the one with good self esteem said I talked to mum about it.

Mom said she's your father's daughter, My family grew up with good self esteem. Your father never had it. You know, your sister just doesn't have it. And I'm like, is this something you are with, or is this something that is passed down? Because the next thing I'm going to hit you with is it's time It's time you're grown up now.

It's time that we overcome your childhood. And this is the biggest story you will tell is the story around your childhood. The biggest story that you will tell is the one that was set when you were little, both in the money you earn and the love that you were given and the and the ability to achieve anything came from what mom and dad allowed you to have. So that's what we're gonna talk about. So interestingly enough, I need you to understand something.

If you have never heard this term, explore it. If you remember as a child distinctly feeling something an adult was feeling, that is not your emotion. So with empathy now, one of the things that I've learned to understand about being highly empathic is I have to work out what is mine and what is yours, and that does not belong to me. So first, we're gonna hit the childhood, and then we're going to talk about the mirroring behavior you're seeing around you all the time that's stopping you from walking the a path, the pain path. So there comes a time in your life.

It's usually around 30 where you start to really extend into this is what I missed out on as a child. And you start to almost hold resentment towards mom and dad Now very rarely do I meet people that have no resentment towards their parents? Often, our parents, whether they did their best job or did a little bit of a good job or did a great job, but they were screw ups themselves, or they tried their best, or they were just completely the most horrific parents on earth, or I had one good parent, one bad parent, and we're abandoned, we were betrayed, we were ashamed. There were so many wounds that we carry from childhood and there's always a story around it. And the story is the story is not your truth anymore.

We're gonna break it today. And how you break the story is you basically need to rise up above your parents and have compassion for them because they were just doing the best that they could with what they knew, you have outgrown them, You have spiritually advanced them, and it is time to now release them with compassion. They bought you thus far, and you are now in control. However, I started to look at people who had resentment towards their family, people that were really sick over it, people that were hurt over it, and it came down to this. Whatever story you're telling is now stopping you from having something now.

And so look at it like this. He didn't show to me. Let's say dad, dad left, you know, let's say I can't shelter me now and so I resent him for not doing it then. He didn't love me. I can't love me.

Alright? You're not resenting what they did. You're resenting that you can't do it now. And the more you can't do it now, you will buy into a story of what they did not do then. So you actually empower the story far beyond.

What is the truth? Because right now you've created a story of I don't have this now, and instead of taking responsibility for that, I'm just gonna blame mum or dad. She did not give this to me, and that's why I cannot give it, I I cannot have it now. That is what you're saying. So take responsibility for the me and she did not care for me, nurture me, help raise me, support me, and now I can't do these things.

Okay. So I started to look at people who resented their parents, and I'm like, what didn't he do? And it's like, he didn't love me enough. And I go, so now you can't love yourself. And they're like, I'm like, I get that.

I get that that they didn't love you enough. Like, maybe you just had shitty parents. Maybe you had one shitty parent. I mean, I had great parents, you know, they're not angels, but my mom is such a such an incredible mother, and I know that the relationship with the mother is so strong. And, you know, dad, the biggest pain I seem to see with my friends is abandonment or at least emotional abandonment, And it seems to me that you, you get this short draw stick and you suddenly have one defunct parent or maybe 2.

But I've seen children thrive in a loving home, and it didn't have to be the mum and the dad that was loving. It just had to be out loving home. Children just want to be loved and accepted and maybe you were not. And, sadly, about that is you have to now go through a huge healing process of what you did not get from this person. And maybe they are not in your life anymore, or maybe they are and you need to get them out of your life or maybe they are in your life and you can't get them out of your life and they've become a burden to you.

I've seen this over and over and over again. But on some small level, there's something you're missing right now that you believe your parents could have gun given to you, and you need to extend through it. So I am going beyond my perceived childhood dysfunctional of these. Like, I'm done with it. I'm forty four years old.

If you can't forgive your parents in your forties, you seriously need to grow up. Like, there is period of time in your thirties, you can still blame them, but you're an adult now. You know, I support my parents now financially. We all do. So it's not just me, but what I'm saying is I'm a grown up.

I need to forgive anything they did in the 1st 15 years of my life or not did, and there's only really one way to do it. I feel like that You have to understand this. They didn't have the skills to love you the way you wanted to be loved. They were emotionally incapable of meeting your needs. Okay?

They simply could not provide you with what you wanted. But the beautiful part of life is now you can. Now, if somebody does not know how to love, nobody taught them. And yet, somehow, they were not raised with love, and they did not give you the right amount of love, but you know it's not enough. And you are now capable of not only loving yourself, healing that, you are now capable of loving them.

Forgiving them and understanding with compassion that they did the best they could up until now. The children of alcoholics are always overweight. And if they're not overweight, they're usually alcoholics. And I get it. You watch somebody abuse and abuse a coping mechanism their whole life the way you abuse food.

So I have friends with parents that are alcoholics that are obese, and I'm like, okay, you're doing the same thing with food. It's the same coping mechanism. They did not have the skills to learn anything else. You now know better. You know differently.

You can forgive somebody when you have compassion for them. You can forgive them when you rise above them. I do not look at my parents anymore as parents. I look at my parents as beings that I can enlighten with my love So even though I have this world world's amazing mom and dad, they still did not learn anything about money. So I had to learn about money, and I had to go through the pain path to do it, and it hurt like all hell, but the truth is is at the end of the day, I now teach them about money.

My dad was such a great dad if he was kicking a ball at you, but when it came time to talk or hug, he was just not the man that he was with my mother. So I spent my whole life trying to get my dad's physical attention, and I could never do it. Dad just doesn't know how to do that. Now I hated him for ears in my young life, for years, because I felt rejected by his lack of hugging by his lack of physical touch by his lack love, and then my big brother grew up, and he had a baby girl. And I was standing there watching my big brother hold his baby girl and his my beautiful big brother, and he was holding her and touching her, and I felt rage.

I felt angry. I felt jealous. And after the kids went to sleep, I sat down, and I said to my big brother, the way you love your daughter makes me uncomfortable, and Andy was like, why? And I said, because I wanted that from dad. Dad never gave us that.

And then all of a sudden, I realized I could give my father this. This was 10 years ago. So my best friend is like my sister. She's like a twin sister to me. She's been in my family since she's fourteen.

So my family acknowledged her the same way you acknowledge a sibling, Ruby. Ruby and I are standing together, and I said to Ruby, this is what's gonna happen. Mom and dad are gonna walk towards me. Dad's gonna sidestep me. Mom's gonna come in for a hug.

When dad sidesteps, you're gonna sidestep me, you're gonna intercept Kaff. I'm gonna step back. I'm gonna intercept Andy, and I'm going in. Ruby goes, done. So we're standing together like this, and I said, you're ready.

He's fast. So he's coming towards me, and I'm so nervous. I feel sick. This is my father. He steps.

He takes a step to the right. Ruby takes a step to the mom goes to crossover between us, Ruby grabs my mother, I take a step back and I grab my dad. And I hold him. And it was so uncomfortable when he went, Richard, and weird. And I just held him.

And then I let go. The next day, they came back again, and this time I was waiting, He walked around the back of mum. I took a step out to the left, and I was already there, and he walked straight into my arms. And then he hugged the rest of my family, the nephews, the nieces. Now this is a man you can engage.

But he just can't hug. He can't touch. And I, now, this guy walks into the room 10 years later, and he's like, that every bug and my family. And we were standing there, and Ruby was the one that taught me this. And she said, see it worked?

And they said, what worked? And she goes, well, you've never been a hugger. And I said, well, how could I not be a hug of my own father wouldn't hug me? And she was like, well, I put you through the desensitization program. I said, what's that?

She goes, I used to hug you and not let go. And I would hug you. This is my best friend, and when I would release, she'd go, no, you don't. I'm gonna hold you for 3 more seconds and I'd start, like, wiggling to get up. And the truth is is I am now realized 10 years ago, so I was 34 that I have exceeded my father.

I have exceeded him with my own self power. And there was no way he was gonna side step me. I was ready for him, and I was ready with love. And it hurt me so much to do it. And now I have desensitized him, and now he's loving, and, but in fact, so much so that he now asks me because I'm I'm I'm the person you come to with a headache.

I rub shoulders and necks. Dad will say, we we rub my shoulder. I'm allowed to massage my dad's shoulders now. He will ask me to do that, and I'm no longer afraid of hugging and touching him. And it's so wonderful, and I feel so blessed that I can do it.

But the most important part is I have now spiritually exceeded my parents. I teach my mother about spirituality. I teach my parents about metaphysics and healing. I teach my parents about money the same way I learned from bro brilliant people who shared their experiences with me, I can now teach my parents. You can now raise above your parents, forgive them, and love them for being incredible scrubs.

It is time that you forgave your parents and understood that they simply did their best. And some of your parents may not be actively participating in life or may not be contributing in a good way. I know people have alcoholics. And I I know a girl who has a homeless dad, and she has so much shame around having him being homeless. And, you know, he gets locked up I know that there is so much to overcome and in this area, minus small compared to yours, but your compassion is so great.

Your heart is so big. Your spirit is so huge, and it is so loving and powerful that you can heal and love and rise above it and not buy into a story of what you didn't get anymore. And right now, the most important thing you can do for me is to say They did not provide me with much. They didn't provide me with enough, but that is okay. Luckily, I learned.

I exceeded my parents, and now I teach them. So the most incredible thing about having your own children while you still carry childhood trauma or you still carry the story is you're gonna be different from your parents, right? Not true. My mother had an incredibly abusive mother, so abusive that if you met my mother, you wouldn't believe that the woman that I grew up with was woman that was, brought up by this woman. She was a traumatic mother.

She had great life pain, and she unfortunately tortured her children. Her family fell apart, her dad died, and when her dad died, she lost everything that day, and my uncle, my mom's little brother committed suicide. Unfortunately, I've seen my mother's family go through severe pain and throughout the whole pain, my mother forgave her. My mother not only transcended the abuse that she given as a child, she loved her right till the end. My mother showed me the power of human love.

She has a heart and spirit greater than anybody I've ever met, and right until the day she died, she forgave her. And never once did my mother tell me a story about what she did not get as a child? She showed me that that someone can abuse you their whole life and you can still care for them. And my mother knew one thing. She does not love me.

She does not meet my needs as a mother, but she does not need to because my husband and my children do. And that was all she needed. And I have so much love for this woman, my mom. I've watched my mom go through but your children will not do what you say. If you're carrying major life pain, if you're overeating, if you're overdrinking, if you're in debt, and you tell your children they don't need to do that, they're gonna do what you do, monkey see monkey do.

So you spend your whole life to your daughter, your body is perfect. Look at you. Look. You're so gorgeous. Your body is perfect.

She's gonna grow up with a very distorted sense of what her body is because you're telling her it's perfect. Then you're overeating in front of her on a daily basis. You don't care for yourself. You don't love yourself. You don't value yourself.

You don't protect yourself. You don't nurture yourself. You don't you don't look after yourself and your daughter's gonna do the same thing, and so is your son. And the truth is is here we are thinking, no, my children will be different. My children will be different because you see my mum, I got my mother's pain from her childhood, and even though it wasn't much, I still got all of it.

And even though I theoretically had a great childhood, theoretically, I still did the things she did. I still went through the weight gain. I still went through the pain. I still went through the overeating. I still went through the knots picking up for myself.

All things my mother is too terrified to have an emotion, too scared to speak because your mother told her not to. You need to heal now for your babies. You need to heal so that your babies know what it is like to have a mom and dad that are actively healing.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 09 - Parents ====
