==== Start of Transcript: Money Mindset 03 ====

We won't be very excited for today. Tell me if you can hear me and see me.

Hi, Linka. Hope you've got a glass of wine. I always love that it's

a little later in Europe

in the UK. It's evening. Hi, Siobhan. How you guys doing today? This has moved the needle weak.

Oh my gosh. You're going too. Really see a path this week. I just know it. Oh, thanks, Jim, because I've got my OG makeup on, right?

Now you do know that if you find me in a bun, it's because something happened that took my priority away from doing my hair. And being that I prioritized fabulous hair over just about anything, including makeup, that means that I really got myself into a pickle. It actually means I'm getting my hair done tomorrow. And so I couldn't be bothered blowing it out today because I was spending I got up at 6 o'clock this morning to spend all my time on creating this keynote. Now if you can hear construction, it's because the dudes in the studio my studio is under construction right now, and they are drywalling, but don't be too worried about it shouldn't interrupt us, and they're gonna stop soon.

Well, they're gonna stop the noisy stuff soon. So if you hear any like drills or anything, Alright. I'm gonna get started because as usual, I've got a lot to get through. Now I wanna talk about the coach, the questions that they asked in the homework from week 1 and 2 that's gonna pop up, but this is a whole different week. Because week 3, is about where we learn the self value system.

And you've been listening and learning, but now you're gonna see it more as a cohesive step forward and a path. And today, I feel like, you're going to really find out a path forward and create a path for yourself. I have started to create the workshop packs for the in person workshop in May. And I got these incredible journals. They are so amazing.

This is my one, and I have already started, you know, this one thing about money coaching that really blows me away is that when I say there's no direction in focus, it's so easy just to, like, even when you're in a good place with money or reasonable place with money without money pain. It's so easy to just let it sit there. And it really, if you turn your attention away from it, Nothing grows. It doesn't go either. It just doesn't grow, and it doesn't move, it doesn't ignite, it doesn't give you any joy.

It just sits there. And I have been passive with my money for the last 2 years, and I didn't even realize until I started coaching you guys. Now I'm like looking back at this direction. So I wanna throw a couple of things out there with terms of asking with clarity. And that is, you know, I created a savings account that was my home, my dream home, because I wanted to save for a house.

And I the 1st 8 years, that money just accumulated slowly because it was a big dream and a big coal, and it wasn't right there, it was over there. And so it accumulated slowly. Then I realized I wasn't really putting a number on that savings account. So instead, I changed the goal to actually a physical number, and I say, I'm going to save this much money. And this was from someone who could never save a dime in their life, but once I to live in my Thrive number, I had asked for enough money to survive and Thrive, and that meant I had money to spend and money to save because I allowed for both.

Some people won't. They'll just allow for savings, and that's fine. They don't need to spend but my money style was to spend and enjoy experiences, food, travel, nice clothes, and I want to have nice things. Now, everybody has a different value, so that means that I was assigning my money to the things I valued the most, but it wasn't until I put that number on that bank account that I really started to focus that energy, and that's why clarity and asking is so powerful. No more and no less.

So as you are now learning, you're watching all my power talks, you're watching all my concepts of self value today. You're gonna learn the self value process. And I can apply this to every area of my life. The steps are awareness, acceptance, avoidance, processing, boundaries, unfolding, connection, and daily practice. These are 8 big steps.

They are linear, but you'll find that you're going to jump over some steps a little quicker than you jumped over others. So it's okay if you jump around a little bit. It's also really just a system that you're loaning so that you can apply this to every other area of your life. So when we create a system, we create a step by step path to unfold. We see where we get stuck.

We see the next step We see the challenges that stop us being able to take that next step, and we can focus on that part of the work. Now, you can apply this to this whole system of self value to your love life, to attracting love, to having a deeper connection with the love you already have. You can apply this process to self worth. You can apply this process this to your body image, how you feel about yourself and yourself perception. You can apply this to your relationships, not just your love relationship, but all of the relationships in your life, family, friends, and you can do this with money, and this is how.

So these are the steps, and then I'm going to walk you through each step in relation to money. Alright? Number 1 is coming to awareness. Now self awareness and social awareness are the first two areas of emotional intelligence. It's awareness of my thoughts, observing those old stories and the old narratives that you constantly re return to And it's awareness that this is my current identity.

This is my belief system about myself. It's awareness that my feelings are being driven by these thoughts. This is not who I am, this is a pattern I focus on, and therefore have created in my world every single day. Awareness that how people treat me is what I'm actually looking for. Remember the world is responding to your feelings, I am the poison, I am the antidote, I am the power, I am the purpose.

Oh, I'm just gonna keep saying today. Okay? I am the poison. I am the antidote. I am the power.

I am the purpose. When you come to a witness that you are the poison, you are the antidote. You have all of this power, and you are the purpose that you're working towards. Everything will shift. I said you can apply this process to love self worth body image relationships money.

Let's go through it with money. So money awareness specifically is who am I and what have I got? Check with your past programming. We've already been there to look at what we grew up with. And who set our money vibe.

Come to awareness of what you are seeing, saying, doing, and being in regards to money. So what is your current money identity? Money is a byproduct of focus and joy and equal exchange. How out of alignment are you with money? If you become aware of your money identity because your money energy is attached to the world of emotion, it's about what you feel here.

What do you feel here? When you did your survive, what did you feel? Tell me, I wanna know. When you did your Thrive, what did you feel? Must be nice.

I can't have that. Wow, this is too out there. This will never come to me. How is it coming to me? And what was the feeling, or what is the feeling you keep coming back to around money?

Is it worthlessness? Is it I feel stupid? Is it no control? Maybe it's shame. Did you feel shame?

Did you feel disempowered? Did you feel betrayed by money? Did you feel controlled by someone? Is it unfulfilled? No direction?

No focus? Not asking? Is it no boundaries, people pleasing, giving money away? If there are any more feelings that come up around this, Add these words for me, because when I really break it down, it always comes down to worthlessness, feeling stupid, or not good enough. Not feeling like they're in control, you're in control because somebody else's may be taken control.

The shame comes up in shame and guilt, okay, they come up and say, bad person not good enough. The disempowered feeling of just not being in control of that, And then the unfulfilled, like just the apathy, just no direction, no goals, no dreams, That's just straight people pleasing. But if there's any more energies here that you identify, please tell me what they are. Because the bottom line for all of us is we're not in alignment. Therefore, we're not taking action.

Now remember, you don't take action. You get into alignment and alignment forces action. Alignment attracts action. Alignment creates action because your alignment is heart activation, and its magnetic energy that just makes things happen. So your mantra in your awareness is I am the poison, I am the antidote.

I am the power, and I am the purpose. Oh, I got goosebumps all over me. You know, just close your eyes for a minute and just listen to my voice. Repeat this after me. You can see it in a whisper, You can say it in a strong voice, but just listen to my voice.

I am the poison. I am the antidote. I am the power and I am the purpose. It's all for you. It's all from you.

It's all power in you, and you have it, and you can activate this power when you clear that stupid emotion and thought energy that's stopping you from moving forward, this is how you get out of your own way. Alright? You get out of your own way. Now, number 2 is acceptance. Acceptance is love is self acceptance.

The amount of love you receive and feel from others is in direct proportion to how much you are giving yourself and others. The most pure love you will ever find is the love you have for yourself. So remember, self acceptance starts with non judgment of others first. What? I don't judge others.

Oh, yes, you do. Because if you are judging yourself, you are judging others. Now comparison is judgment. Competition is judgment. Envy is judgment.

Gossip is evil. Gossip is about you. Gossip is a blocked people. Gossip is a beautiful mirror to what you want. What you say about me holds more truth about you.

And when you're not gossiping about me, when you're elevating me, it's because you see something in me you want and have. That's why it is a beautiful mirror. So check all behavior that triggers you, and hold up that self love mirror. When we judge others, we judge ourselves, harshly, you will start to see that not about loving yourself more, so that other people will love you. It's about loving and accepting others first, because then you are seeing the mirror of love and acceptance reflected back to you, you are coming from love.

Now, when we look at acceptance in terms of money, we have to bring out the horrible thing. Whatever you are hiding. Maybe it's the debt, the shame. Oh, the money pain. Now when I refer to money pain, I referred to guilt and shame and the stress of living month to month.

That is money pain. It is the most anxiety, tight, horrible, survival, disgusting feeling I hope you don't have it. I hope you've never experienced it. If you have, you know exactly what I'm talking about. So you have to come to acceptance of this thing that you hide, this this shadow part of yourself that you've locked away, the fact that you avoid it means that you don't want to go near it.

Now, you have to accept also this true path that you're using for that makes you feel like you're not moving, because this true path that you're using for you now have to go and walk towards that true path. And you have to accept that there's some change coming, that there's some growth coming. Okay? You have to accept the change, you have to accept the grow, you have to accept the lack of power that you might have in this area or another area of your life. Because this is no longer your identity.

It's past tense. It's what you were doing. It's what you were doing You're okay. You're here. Every day, you bring out the shameful, horrible thing, and you love it away.

You can also love people away. You can truly love people away inside, and they just stop hurting you, hustling you, stop bringing drama to your life, but you have to love them away. You can't drama them away. Every day, bring out your shame and your horrible thing, bring it to the light, take the shame away, and take control of it. It's really, an action and a focus, and you're really just processing that emotion around it every day until it's not your story anymore.

Number 3 is avoidance. Avoidance is just stress relief. This behavior is to make you feel good. So stop fighting the behavior. All behavior meets a need This is misaligned self care.

Relax. Stop judging yourself. You simply have some big emotion that you need to sit with and process, and maybe it's a confrontation, and you're avoiding it with someone else or maybe the confrontation is with yourself. Alright? It's very important.

Avoidances what's gonna stop you from getting into alignment. We go to avoidance to seek pleasure. That's all. We go to pleasure when there's pain because we don't wanna feel uncomfortable. We don't wanna feel pain.

You either have to sit with the pain, confront that pain in yourself, confront somebody else from a loving space, and that takes work, encourage. And, you know, a big, a big jump or leap of emotional courage. Sometimes, to be honest with somebody else, to let the fear of what you're avoiding go. Now, avoidance goes to the loop, because as soon as we seek pleasure, we'll get stuck in my thoughts and my feelings. And and if you're stuck in a loop, the loop is actually non acceptance of what is happening.

It's not accepting that you're worthy of speaking up for yourself. It's not accepting that you wanna set boundaries, you get stuck in this lube, it's not accepting that you 100% have the right to communicate what you want and live this way. You're worthy of sitting a boundary or stepping out of the cycle of self sabotage. And remember, avoidance behaviors is how I see self sabotage. It's not that you're sabotaging, it's just that when you go to do something new and painful and scary and confrontational, and emotional, you would rather go back to a behavior that gives you pleasure than to sit with this emotion and be okay in it and work through it.

This is rejecting the south. If you choose to go to avoidance, you're just getting stress relief, but you are rejecting your own south own wants, your own needs, your own boundaries, and you're choosing in that moment not to be more. You're choosing to stay small. You're choosing to stay stuck, hoping that someone else will rescue you and do the work for you and no one's coming. No one's coming to do the work for you.

And once you learn that you can do the work, you are free, and then you can free everybody else around you know that is the truth, know that is the truth. So how does avoidance come into money? Have you worked it out yet? Why you avoid money? It's in the 1st 2 weeks.

Have you worked it out? What? Emotions come up around money that stop you from feeling good about it. Let me name some good ones' worthlessness. If it's yours, write it down, I feel stupid.

That was one of mine I didn't know about business. I didn't know about basic commerce. I didn't know how taxes worked for a business owner. I had been an employee until I was thirty years old. I had an employee mentality, I knew nothing about being self employed or making money or growing wealth.

I traded money for time, and that time was about $15 an hour. I was tethered to a moraine, and I felt like I was on a on a jet boat, and I couldn't take off. I was so frustrated, but the bottom line for me was it came down to a feeling of stupid. I felt like I didn't know enough about money, and therefore, I had no control around it. No control is a big one.

If you feel out of control, someone else is gonna take control. Shame, shame of who I was, what I was worth, was I in equal value to the money I was asking for. Disempowered. I felt disempowered in so many areas of my life, but money was the biggest one. I've never been betrayed around money.

I don't lose money in that way because I'm not possessive of it because I'm an overgiver. So if you've been portrayed, betrayed around money, then obviously that's a wound for you because betrayal is a social wound. And if you think of that betrayal, you've got to forgive that perpetrator in order to move forward because the betrayal or the sense of being betrayed is locking you it's locking you in this money energy of resentment, right? If you're being controlled by money, then obviously, somebody took control of your money when you didn't. And at first, it feels really good that somebody else is taking control, but very soon, it feels like control.

And all of a sudden, the person who has the purse, has the control, he who has the gold makes the rules, I needed to make my own rules. When you avoid money, when you avoid asking for money, when you avoid your value, is it unfulfilled, no direction, no focus, not asking, why are you not worthy of asking for what you want? That should come up very, very glaringly obvious in your Thrive budget. Maybe you're giving money away. Maybe you need to look at that well miss fortune.

Maybe you need to look at your people pleasing and say, am I really set up in a way that I want to move forward. Because if you are avoiding it, it tells me that there's just some emotion there. And if you can tell me what that emotion is, I can help you get assessing is self management. Self management is the food step in emotional intelligence. This is about self regulation.

It's about self reflection. And every day, my job is to wake up and process my thoughts and my feelings from yesterday. I am in charge of my thoughts my feelings, and therefore, my focus. This is where I reframe my past narratives. This is where I find my power processing in self love and coming to a awareness of how my old stories keep coming back every morning, and they become my rules and my limits.

My rules and my limits, reconnecting my goals and dreams every day, reactivating myself, as a priority. Oh, I have to say that again, because it made me feel uncomfortable, reconnecting with my goals and dreams every day and reactivating myself as a priority. Clearing all of yesterday's emotions to get into alignment with what I want, how I feel so I can create magic in my day. So if we're gonna bring money into our daily process right now, as we're growing it, then self management of my thoughts and my feelings is paramount, This is a new identity that you are creating with me, a new way of thinking, a new way of living, a new way of standing up for yourself, a new way of setting boundaries, your grief framing your old stories here, you know, using I choose to believe to reset your thoughts every day what boundaries do you need to set around money and how uncomfortable do they make you feel? Who makes me feel disempowered in this area, and how can I take my power back?

Who am I to ask for more? How do I feel process setting all these money boundaries? Am I carrying resentment to the person who seemingly disempowers me? But, you know, whatever area you are disempowered someone or something will overpower you. So it's more of you being disempowered than them overpowering you, and then that takes their power of you away.

Have you accepted control as help? There's no such thing as a free lunch, and you know it. If somebody has the purse strings, they're in control. And if they're in control, They might not like the decisions you make, then you're not making decisions for you. You're making decisions for them, your little people, please.

Come on. I've been here before too. If you're not processing your money pain, if you are through the money pain part and now you're just sort of sitting in that passive, unfulfilled, you're kind of sitting in there. What do I do every morning? When I'm not worrying about my debt or taking power back, if you're not processing money pain, then your goal every morning is to process to reconnect to those goals, re energize your alignment, activate your heart and joyful focus.

You can get to alignment. You can't get to alignment when your emotions get stuck. You're just gonna go to avoidance to feel good. You're gonna get stuck in a lube, and you're not gonna get to alignment every single day. So if you have no money pain, you're igniting passion, you're igniting dreams, you're igniting joy.

Every single day, reconnecting to what I want, what I have, how much I enjoy it, how I love to receive it, how I love to create for myself, That is your single focus. Step number 5 is our boundaries. Sitting boundaries is saying no. It's not a request. A request is a request, setting a boundary is saying, no, it's not an ultimatum.

It's I don't wanna do this anymore, and I'm not going to boundaries is demonstrating boundaries. Okay. Demonstrating boundaries is self care and self respect. Communicating boundaries is speaking up for your staff. People pleasing is no boundary for what you want, and the hardest part of setting boundaries is feeling worthy of setting them.

The hardest part of setting boundaries is feeling worthy of setting them. When you've been a people pleaser, you do things to make people like you. When you say no to people, you take away their like for you. It's you doing that. It's not them.

Time is the hardest boundary to set time for you, prioritizing you in that time, especially when you're not connected to your true path, or you're stuck in people pleasing. Time as a boundary, you will never ever be able to take back. It's so important. Don't be too worried if you're not writing comments because I do speak very quickly in this first segment, and then you can slow it down and ask me lots of questions. Okay?

So time is about prioritizing your needs prioritizing me and my time. If you're giving away your time to others and leaving no time for you, you're you're sending a loud and clear message that you are the last person on the list and your needs don't matter. So what is boundaries with money? Oh, there's a lot a boundary work around money. And if you struggle to set boundaries for yourself, then this is gonna be an area that you're gonna spend this week.

Money boundaries is about what you're asking for. Okay. And what you're asking for is that thrive budget and how you're shopping up every day. It's about setting, demonstrating, and communicating those boundaries. It's about speaking up for yourself.

It's about prioritizing self respect. It's about prioritizing VIP time for self care. Okay. Go to blocks and leaks of the money well of misfortune, what colors are lighting you up, which areas need, you to set boundaries in. We didn't talk about that last week because I got to the end, and I was running out of time.

And I was like, you're so many boundaries that need to be set in their will of misfortune. So if you are struggling with any of those colors, that is the question you need to ask me. How do I set a powerful boundary in this area of the will of misfortune, because until you block those leaks, until you plug those leaks, you keep losing money, and all of those leaks are a boundary. You're either not creating a boundary around someone else, or you're not creating a boundary for yourself. Number 6, and our self value process is unfolding.

This is what you want. Unfold with clarity, certainty, and conviction because when you know what you want, You step towards it every single day. It doesn't matter what you do or say this is what I want, and I will find a way. Who I really am is unfolding right now. How I want to look is unfolding right now.

How I wanna dress how I want to speak, how I want to live, what I really want to do in my life, what I really want to build in my life, what I really wanna grow in my career or my business, the life I really want, the health, the experiences I wanna have travel, the lifestyle, the peace of mind. You know, these are things. Everything that you want as you unfold, they are things but they can feel superficial, and you can judge am I worthy of these? What would people say if I had these things? But they're just things.

Again, even though they feel superficial, they're emotionally connected. You are emotionally connected to wanting all of these things. Whenever I walk the multiverse of possibility to see the path before me, I feel what it would feel like to have it. I feel it. Do this.

Wear this. Be this. I can feel that. How do you feel in this new home that you're bringing to you, this new career, this new business with this new money flow, you have to feel it, and you have to feel it because if you can't feel it, certainly cannot bring it into you once you can feel that excitement. It's momentum.

How do you create boundaries with guilt and shame? You can't You can't create boundaries with guilt and shame. You don't feel worthy of creating boundaries. So what you have to do is acknowledge your guilt and shame and stop avoiding it and face it. Face that emotion in yourself, what does it mean to you?

What boundaries do you need to put up to stop feeling the guilt and shame? That's where you need to focus. So when I'm walking the multiverse, I'm walking the multiverse visualizing daydreaming, feeling, feeling what I want, feeling what lights me up, feeling the power. So how do you unfold with money? You've been doing it with your Thrive budget.

But I still believe most of you will change that Thrive budget several times before you start to make it happen because obviously, the whole point of you doing that Thrive is that you can see the difference between your survive and your Thrive and you are living in that gray area in between, not allowing everything you want in your life. The bigger your thrive budget was from your survive budget. Bigger your tuning is to create that, that unfolding is what you need to confront right now is everything you're allowing for yourself and your daily life and everything you're about to ask for or asking for is a big jump, and you need to start bridging that gap. You need to start doing the things between your survive and thrive. For instance, you can ask for money to self care, but you don't need money to self care right now.

You can self care just for the time boundary that gives you an hour to yourself. 30 minutes to yourself to do whatever you want. That doesn't cost money. You can go for a run, you can walk, you can meditate, you can empower yourself, to watch self value, you can do ever you want in this time, but if you don't start making that time for yourself, you're never going to get the money to make that time for yourself. That's not asking.

It's not demonstrating what you want. It's okay. Don't worry about the construction. That'll be finished soon. It's a bit noisy.

So number 7 is connection. Now connection is purpose, and you now know the purpose that you are looking for has been you the entire time. This heart activation, this purpose is alignment, and I keep saying you are the purpose, right? You are the purpose. And, sorry if you can't hear well, I just No.

They can hear. Everything's good. I will stop for a minute if you want me to. Okay. I wanna just hit this foot, so I'm gonna wait a second.

Let me answer a question. I seem to be quite resistant to feel it when it comes to money pain. I want to, but I seem to be disconnected somehow. You'll find out why you're disconnected after this. Just go through these eight areas and find which area is stopping you from moving forward.

Horrible question. How do you handle building your life you want with your spouse when they're not willing to do the work? I'm terrified that if I build myself up, I will lose it all in the end due to a a divorce. Okay. Well, if you think you're gonna get divorced, you know, this you've got other problems there that instead of wearing a being successful.

You can't bring somebody else to the work, Cynthia. You can't make somebody else do the work. You can't make somebody else get into alignment. It's that simple. You just can't.

And sometimes we believe it's the other person stopping us from doing the work, but really that's just avoidance to us not doing the work. So anytime anybody says I want this, but my spouse wants this, I know that you're not walking towards that you're just thinking about it right now, and you're thinking there's gonna be a whole lot of blocks in your path and there's not. So you can't bring somebody else to the work. And you were here to build yourself up, so where you go start building. Mitsy, in the past, you've taught make goals for work, not money, Now we are talking about making specific numbers, and I understand their different concepts.

Yes. So when I say make goals for work, not money is in business coaching, and that's when I'm specifically coaching business owners. And if you're a business owner, you can absolutely 100% of that right now. That's why I also said last week in the money coaching that if you find that you haven't broken through selling yet, that all belongs in money coaching. So and if you're self employed and money, shame, guilt and shame's gonna stop you from breaking through selling.

That's where you wanna focus. If you have a fixed income, and you don't know where abundance is coming from because it feels when you've got a fixed income, that there is a finite amount of money coming towards you. That's just a mine you can shift that. Money comes from a million different places, plugging up your leaks and avoidances for starters gives you a lot more money because you're not giving it away. Redirecting your money instantly changes how you feel about it, and therefore changes how you activate around it.

If you're seeing abundance and everything abundance comes you from everywhere. You get random payments. You get windfalls. You you get more side hustle. You see opportunities to make more money, it's really just this constant abundant mindset.

Now when you're self employed, it's a different kind of stressful energy because don't know where the money is coming from at all. So even though you can feel really blocked by a wage, because a wage is a finite, limited amount of money that you know is coming to you. I guarantee everybody, everybody is living just above their means, and that it's a fact that is a simple fact that when you earn a wage, your monthly in is just over what that wage is. That's why you're constantly in survival because you've set your life up that way. You're not asking for more, even when you have a finite income, the law is don't ask how.

Just tell me what. Don't ask how it's coming to you. If you ask how you send back because you're already stuck in the fact that there's not enough abundance for me, and there is enough abundance for you. Number 7 is connection. Connection, it's purpose.

You already know the purpose is you. There is no purpose greater than you, no child, no you are the purpose. Your purpose. And if you think your purpose is your spouse or your child, then you are doing it for them and not for you and your purpose is to become the ultimate parent that can guide their child through self value to love because you did the work for yourself. The purpose is you.

Everything you want in this connection is for you. The alignment is only yours solely yours, and it can never be anybody else's waiting to be rescued or taken care of and that I can't make all the money myself. I choose to believe I can do this myself, Linda. We've all waiting for mom and dad to come back and make it right. And then we sometimes, you know, wait for our spouses to make right.

And we wait for our people in our life to change so that we can change. And we get very frustrated with other people blocking us from move forward when we realize that all behavior serves a need, and we have been serving our own needs in many different ways. Okay? Now, connection coming back to purpose, make no mistake about it. Everything you do is for you because you want this, because you focused on this, this purpose gets greater.

Okay. When you know it's you, the purpose gets greater and the result comes faster. Why? Because you want this. I changed this one area with one simple thought.

This is not about me prioritizing myself over others. I still struggled today with prioritizing myself, and my time, because when someone needs me, all priority goes to them, and it's so easy to take myself off that list. It's about becoming It's not about working through this old identity or working through an old problem. My focus is to become more, to feel more good feelings, to be in alignment more. So how do I bring that connection to money?

It's hard activation when I prioritize myself, with physical self care, or to build my career, or, the business they wanna build, or to focus on money flow, or to work on processing yes today's emotions, I become more. And when I become more, I see evidence that I am more, and all others around me become more. I can discipline myself to do anything I enjoy because I am committed to myself when I see and feel myself becoming, and I am here to create myself. You are here to create yourself. This is what you are becoming.

You don't need to, like, carve out time away from people, and I am important. You know, I have to say no to all these people and then not make yourself a priority, you are here to become whatever you want in this space. I am becoming. Every single day. So when you set a boundary that removes resentment, like you know, we have a lot of resentment around being people pleases and overgiving.

And when you set that boundary, it removes the resentment. It's taking control back. When I break through my survival budget and start to live the Thrive budget and bring that into my life every month until it's showing up for me until I hit the next glass ceiling, I'm becoming more. I am asking for more. I'm stepping up to receive more.

I am learning. I'm throwing. I am seeing evidence. Can you see how that's a positive cycle up when you've been stuck in a in a cycle down? This is not working.

I don't know how this is work worrying is paying for what you don't want. I don't have what I want. This is not working. It's not fear. It's not right.

It's not this. And now I'm just I'm tuning it. I'm taking control of it. I'm stepping up every single day. I'm becoming more I'm asking for more, I'm stepping up to receive more, I'm learning, I'm growing, I'm seeing evidence that I am more, I'm doing this, I'm empowered.

I'm thriving. I am energy. I am doing this. I'm always doing this. I am a master creator.

And so are you. Step number 7 in self value is daily practice. You have to focus and emotions. You have to wake up every day, process my thoughts, my feelings, everything you feel about yesterday, but all alignment is focus and emotion. What I'm focused on and how I feel about it, cultivating a daily ritual of self value, coming to self awareness, coming to self acceptance, learning to self care with out avoidance, processing yesterday's emotions, setting healthy, loving boundaries, unfolding who I am, and connecting what I really want every day in alignment.

So how do I bring my money daily practice to the 4? Focus and emotion. What is your current money focus? Is it survival? Is it stress?

Is it avoidance? What current money focuses dominating your emotions? That's what you're getting right now. It's whatever you're focused on, and how you feel about it is what you are getting right now. Well, I'm focused on growth.

I'm focused on direction, I'm focused on value, and I feel good about it. And my goal is to wake up every day and realign with that focus and feel good about it so I can power up my money. The steps are coming to awareness around your money energy. Self acceptance is what is happening Alright? Self acceptance of what is happening right now.

If you have that, you have to accept that. You have to get rid of it. But you have to accept it first. Self acceptance is what is happening and what has happened. Alright?

Awareness or avoidance, or the emotion I want to avoid. Awareness of avoidance Okay? The emotion I want to avoid. Don't avoid it. I know sometimes we go straight to our avoidance behaviors without realizing that were already in the behavior, and we didn't even feel the feeling because you're so good at avoiding it.

You went straight to pleasure. And it's okay if you find yourself in avoidance, say, oh, that's right. This was stress relief. And avoidance is just stress relief. I don't need to avoid in stress relief anymore.

I can process with self love. And that's when you choose to not avoid it anymore, so processing my thoughts and my feelings around this identity and these emotions and old beliefs of myself, my own self perception. So that is about setting, demonstrating, and communicating my boundaries around money, unfolding what my needs really, really are, and then connection to a daily practice of self value so that I can start walking this path every single day. So now we're going to coach through every one of those areas. Which one stood out for you?

Where do you feel like you're the most stark and let's talk about our homework from last week. Now, if the questions run quickly, remember, it's slow. It's, I have to scroll back sometimes. So, I'll do my best to keep up, but I'm gonna take as many questions as you want. I asked you last week about what your Moneystar was and what do you prioritize now?

I feel like a lot of people missed a lot of stuff off this survival because, or they put stuff on their survival that they didn't pay for right now or weren't paying for, that survival was now. Okay? And it's really important that you see a difference between them now and then the swipe budget because everything you wanna be is in between those two numbers and what you're asking for for yourself. And that is the biggest awakening of them all. So I did ask you to feel it.

What does your day feel like? How are you working, how are you living in a different way? I want you to learn how to walk this multiverse every single day. My money style for me was I could not save. I needed to spend.

Spending was my avoidance, so I learned to budget for saving and spending, and then I asked for both. And then I learned how to say it because my spending needs were being met, everything I wanted was being met. Also, I don't value having lots of money in the bank. I value having lots a friend sitting at my ten seater table eating food that I've prepared for them. So my value is different from yours.

You can't judge somebody else's value. That's why this alignment is yours. Because you can't judge somebody else's value. This alignment is yours. I asked you what your prayers were, what your intentions were, because if they were of woah, Instead of excitement and planning and alignment, then you're only just gonna get more of what you're asking for, which is focus and emotion.

Focus and emotion. Now focus on that Thrive list. Not the how, it's coming, but rather the abundance. Become aware that you have not been asking for more instead asking for more, bring it to you. Look for it.

Do the connection every single day, get into alignment, look for a solution with excitement. Turn your debt into service. That's a great way to feel better about paying it down. Don't look for how create the path, connect the path, the how just comes, stop looking at, but how, but how you're trying to control your future instead of unfolding it and letting it come to you. Alright?

If it's self care you want before you get the money, you're gonna need to clear some time. This is a boundary you need to start sitting to prioritize yourself, Whether the money is there or not. Once you prioritize yourself, the money's gonna start showing up for you. Alright. I love becoming more.

Yes, Wendy. In fact, you know what? Like I said, Wallace Wardwell said, don't make a study of poverty. See the world is becoming. Whenever I would learn something, I hate being new at something.

I like to get to mastery as soon as possible because I'm a know it all. And I like to master things quickly, and I have an intense focus more than a lot of people. So when I do find something that I can to, I can really focus on it. So for me, focusing on the Thrive and not asking for how it's coming to me, it's it's kind of a hard thing, but once you start to get evidence that it's showing up and you didn't know how it comes from lots of different areas, then you're going to be absolutely shocked that that constant connection alignment and abundance is available to you all the time. It's really available to you all the time, and you're the one that doesn't ask for it.

That's what asking really is. Turn your debt into service is an energetic idea that, when I first started to do my business, and I was brought to the altar with value and myself value and money. The one thing I learned was I had debt. It was only $4000. Remember, I didn't come from a place of large debt.

I didn't come from place of abundance and anything. I was just survival month to month. There was no security, there was no safety net. There was just the small debt, me living just above my means every month, which is what I'm talking about survival. Instead of thriving, it's survival.

Now, if you look at that debt, it would weigh on me. Money pain, shame. I was embarrassed of it. I could never get it down. I had a credit card with a limit of 4000.

I would pay a $100 a month off it and then spend that a $100 And so it was just constantly being, like, jumped up like that, jumped up. It's constant, constant, and it was just heavy on me. And it made me sick, and there were months. I couldn't pay for it. And if my car broke down, I couldn't put it on my card, because I was just constantly struggling.

And then even when I had to borrow money off someone like mom, dad, or a friend, small amount of money, which I'd pay back, then my credit card would still be full. I was never getting ahead. It was just always constantly filled up So I looked at the profit margin of doing, the work that I was doing and selling in my business, and I worked out in order to pay down that debt, I would need to get 10 new clients. So I focused all of my energy on 10 new clients instead of paying my debt because to me, it was easier to face 10 new clients than it was to face that worry and fear and weirdly, I just turned my debt into service, and it became a service that I, and I paid my debt. Really easily after that, which is just crazy, but it's true.

My Thrive is five times more than my survival, and I feel good about it and doing my best not to ask Kai, how. Okay, Viviana, I'm gonna challenge that then. I want you now to take the top five things off your Thrive list that you're bringing into your life and move them into an in between the Bible and Thribal as to what you're really gonna focus on bringing into your world right now and start to make room for that and connect those dots. I want everybody to do that. I prioritize travel and your experiences so I say for it.

I value connection with others and spiritual practices that bring me joy. Nice. I love that, and you can ask for more to travel and do those beautiful new experiences because if that's what makes you joyful, focus on creating in that joy. Tammy, I'm realizing that I'm avoiding moving up to the next level, even though I've taken most, but not the final steps most likely due to the fear of letting go of the identity, always thinking, Tammy, most likely, no, you know how it feels Tammy. Something is kicking you off.

Own the emotion, Tammy. Bring it back to feelings, Tammy. I know you're not going to. You're gonna keep telling me I think I think what's the best way to get unstuck? Okay.

If you are unstuck sorry, if you feel stuck, but you don't have money pain, then which of the, words did you identify with the most? Let me go back in my notes. Which of these words, because I put it into avoidance this week. And the avoidance was when you look at your money, okay, when you look at money as an entire area of your life and you see this money, and you see everything that you allow for yourself, everything you want for yourself, when you see your survival and your thrive, okay, then what is the feeling what is the feeling that you feel? Because if it's worthlessness, you have to do some work there.

If you feel stupid, Somebody's just made you feel stupid, and you just need to educate yourself a little bit more on basic comments, and you will be empowered Do you feel out of control? Cause somebody else takes control. Is it guilt and shame? Do you feel disempowered doing this? Do you feel betrayal?

Do you feel controlled? Do you feel unfulfilled? Maybe it's no direction. No focus. Not asking.

No boundaries. So if you can really get to that, not asking in no direction. So when you tell me, how do I get unstacked? You gotta start asking and you gotta start giving this money direction. I feel like what you're really asking is how Is that right?

Because when you ask how, you send it back, stop trying to control the path, unfold it. Unfold it. If you have no direction, give your money direction by writing the Thrive list. That is direction. Now you know what you want.

You're working towards that, that goal is your focus, and now you're bridging that gap. More questions. Yes. How? See?

And you said you feel stuck, but you're just asking how, but you're not actually walking the path, you've got to get up and start walking towards it. Alright? And walking the path is asking and giving that clear direction. Why are you not asking? Alright.

Ask me more questions. You can ask about week 1 homework you can ask about. We do homework. You which of these eight areas that I just talked about in relation to money do you want to ask about right now? Which one do you believe is stopping you from moving forward?

That's what I wanna know. Okay, where is this lesson compared to here while I'm waiting for more questions? If you feel like your Thrive number will be hard, then you're coming from a place of scarcity. And I that means you're focused on the only resource of money you have right now, and you're wondering how to get that bigger, which is how. You're stuck in the how.

Instead of the joy. Now, the joy can be there without equal exchange, which means you don't get paid, but you want to be in a place of alignment, joy, and equal exchange. So if there's some work to do to bring your value up to get more, then you have to work on that value and bring that up. How do I overcome the lack of consistency in everything I do? I know what I want, but Fall up the wagon.

I am one of the most erratic and inconsistent human beings you will ever meet. In your life. Being married to me must be one hell of a trip. Being married to me during 3 years of quarantine, on menopause, you know, he survived, maybe he'll write a memoir about it. But, you know, I am inconsistent, neurodiversity, I am a hot mess, and yet I'm also consistently becoming in my life.

I'm just consistently Becoming. My whole life has been about making something of myself. I was a poor kid. I'm indigenous. I have no education.

People treated me like shit. I didn't know that I was worth more. I made my stuff more by becoming more. I spend my energy and becoming It is inconsistent. It's hard work.

I will get off my wagon for days, weeks, months, but I'm not reverting to money pay now. Because they've already cleared that. Once you work through each area, you're free. The worst that can happen is you come up the mountain, you know, same view, different altitude, you realize you're learning something new, something different, and hello, there's a new glass ceiling. It's crazy.

And then it's like, well, How did I use to have such as survival mentality? Cause I don't have it now, so you forget. You forget how you used to live, except for when you're living in that feeling every single day, it feels like you can't get out of it, and it feels stuck, but it's just what you're focused on, or once you break through it, you won't go back to it at all. Do what you don't want to do to get what you want to get do what you don't wanna do to get what you don't have to get. Well, Wendy, it's It's not what we don't want.

We just hate feeling uncomfortable. And emotional change is uncomfortable. It is just a moment of discomfort, and it's never, like I say, bring out the scary thing as horrible as what you are avoiding. Let's finish my copy. How do you overcome the lack of self worth?

Well, you start creating the life you want and a life you're worthy of, you start to feel worthy, and then you start to live with worthiness because you're asking more It's the only way. You've gotta start with a goal. You've gotta believe you're worth it. You've gotta start walking towards it, and you've gotta prove it to yourself. Once you believe that, You can just say I choose to believe I'm more.

I choose to believe I can have more. I choose to believe I'm asking for more. I choose to believe, I can accept more. I feel that way too, like it must be a lot to be married to. My daughter-in-law told me to stop calling myself a lot or too much.

I had a real combo with my husband and he assured me that he loves Evo roller coaster. And play in the Skype moment of me being his partner. Angie, remember this. We live in 2 camps, and it was Jen. Jen is my brain coach, by the way, and also has the best business for virtual assistance if anybody needs virtual assistance.

But Jen said to me one day, you said, what is this? I am enough. I don't like this. I am not enough for who. Like, enough.

Is that all you wanna be? Enough? And Jen said to me, you know, she has a tattooed on her arm. And she goes, I have net tattered on my arm. And I was like, oh, and I here I am saying, I don't wanna be enough.

I don't wanna be enough. Enough is not enough for me. And she said, because for a little girl who's maybe mum told them they weren't enough, that statement is very loaded for me. Well, I realized in that moment, and I did say this in my power talks. When Jen told me that I realized my whole life, I've been too much.

So to be enough for people was the craziest energy to me. To be too much for people is also a crazy energy. It just means we're big personalities may be strong voices. You know, you don't have to be a type of person to create. It's who you are unfolding.

I'm a lot. I come with a lot. I am a very excitable girl. And when I I am very emotionally accessible, I go through them all very viscerally and, like, large, and I have big feelings. And I don't love people.

I love people. You know, I don't love things. I love things. Like, I love this. And I love that, and I was that extreme in the negative.

I am a master creator, and so are you, but I'm also a master creator and the negative. So it's okay to be too much, and it's okay to be not enough. The person we think we're too much for is ourself, The person we think we're not enough for is ourself. It's usually reflected in the evidence we have in front of us. If you feel not enough, you're going to look for validation.

If you feel like you're too much, you're constantly looking for that sort of social cue that you need to, you know, be less, clip your wings. But when you under stand, it's not about being more or being less. It's about you being more authentically your true self. And when you really find that true self, there's no need for validation to measure up to others. There is only love.

I am also consistently becoming. I love it. Say it more. Say it more. I am becoming.

I'm becoming, I'm becoming, I'm becoming more, I'm learning, I'm growing, I'm becoming rich, I'm becoming really rich, What about you? I am becoming smarter, wiser, more fulfilled. I'm becoming more loving every day. I'm becoming I am becoming, and I am not stuck on what I aren't anymore. I got analysis paralysis, I'm not sure if I want something because I'm people pleasing, or if I want it because it's truly my joy.

These conversations could come could not come at a bit of time. Paulina I'm not sure if I'm people pleasing. Well, do you want it? Do you want it? Can you imagine having it?

Can you feel how you feel? Okay, Andy, your new mantra is I'm a lot. And I like it. I'm becoming all of these things and more. Nice, Adohar.

Ken, I think a lot of us have experienced being too much for people and also not enough for other people if we measure up against everyone else, We aren't just quite the right amount, but we are enough. We are the right amount, whatever the amount is. Veneta, since I started this work, the consultancy business started flowing, my photography businesses where my heart lies, and it frustrates me, that it doesn't do well, what can I do to bring the same likeness into my photography side of the business? Question for you. Is there something about consulting that you have more experience that you've been paid for in the past that it's getting more work than this part of your business because maybe you're just more experienced at this side, so you naturally are asking for more, but you're not asking for more over here because you don't feel good in this.

I know this because I work with I'm a business coach, and a lot of the people that come into my world are photographers, and I've worked with this one girl who was a photographer and a designer. Now, as a designer, she could charge $1500 a day, but as a photographer, she couldn't. And I was like, it's the same amount of money. It's the same amount of time. It's the same creation.

But to her, I've been doing this for 15 years, I've been doing this for 2 years. I can't charge what I charge over here. So checking it's not that, because that's a big one, and it's the important that you, you know, determine which one. And coming back, Paulina, to what you want and people pleasing, it really I want you to walk the multiverse and just spend time really imagining that you have this one thing and how do you feel about it? And honestly, if you get to there and you think, well, they'll be really happy, then I have that.

But you don't feel happy that you have that. It's not for you. So let it go. More question. Let's go.

Come on. Ask me about homework. Ask me about any of these areas right now that you feel stuck around money. I can go back too over those eight areas of money and really see what's in Jimmy Jamming up. Let me take you back to here.

Language and photography have always gone side to side. I've had my photography 15, a consultancy business, started to pay the bills. So what is it about both those things? What is it about the one that you're not getting paid for that you don't value? That's what I wanna So coming to a witness, when I asked you to come to a witness, social awareness, self awareness, a witness of your thoughts observing these old narratives in terms of money, Whoever am I and what have I got was really a outthrive list, wasn't it?

Our survive and thrive. Checking your past programming to make sure where your money, energy come from, I didn't hear a lot of, I didn't hear a lot of owning money energy. What I did hear was a lot of my dad used to do this, and my mom which is in the emotional narrative instead of in the awareness of their energy. So try to keep away from their emotions and try and observe what their money energy was without your emotions getting in the way because that's a real big one. And again, check-in with that Crave parent.

I say this very casually, but money is a byproduct of focus and joy in Equal exchange. It's that simple. Money is a by product to focus and join an equal exchange. It's not an energy on its own. It's just a by product.

It's an IOU. That's what it is. It's a construct of I owe you this, and we're living on big IOUs. That's all it is. It's a byproduct of focus and joy.

And value, and in equal exchange, it just keeps coming. You know, that's a good one for you, Mitsy, when you're talking about how is that money coming to me? Just keep bringing up that value of what you do, the value of who you are, what you do, and why you're asking for more. Who you are, what you do, and why you're asking for more. If you can keep that positive focus, who you are, what you do, and why you ask for more, what is your value?

Keep speaking your value. You're just going to keep getting more, keep getting more, keep attracting more. I feel stuck with my daily ritual starting when I'll end enjoying it, and then go back to old ways. Okay. So daily ritual I don't want your daily ritual to be something like, I cleared my emotion of the day, alright?

And now I start and somebody does something, what's the most important thing you can do here, Stacy, is look at what is kicking you out of alignment. Okay? We know it's my thoughts and my feelings. So what happened that you didn't speak up for yourself, or what happened that brought you back to an old thought and an old feeling, if you can observe yourself and where you get kicked off, you can stop yourself from getting kicked off. Keep bringing up that value, who you are, what you do, and why you ask for more.

That's your secret. Because once you keep bringing up that value and giving with value, you're going to feel more valuable and interact with more value. Kitty, I never had security with money. I never knew where my next paycheck was coming from, so I became tight fisted. Now that I don't have financial issues in no debt, I have listened up, but now I have a fear of what if it all goes away So tight fistedness comes from scarcity, scarcity comes from wanting, wanting to direct your money, and knowing that more is coming to you.

So it's very important. What you know, some things you can't do right now, Katie, is make some money moves that give you investments that give you a return. Because when you see invested money, just making money and money begets money, then obviously, you know, that income is there. If you're focused on what if it all goes away, it's gonna go away. So, I wouldn't even focus on it right now.

Only focus on every single day is living to that full alignment of what you want makes smart decisions about your money start to see abundance everywhere. It's okay to be frugal. It's okay to have good money boundaries. Frugal is not always tight fisted. Tight fistedness is a scarcity that you can't let go of it.

It's actually more about possessiveness. It's trying to control it, and that energy alone is pure scarcity, and it's gonna drive money away from you. So yeah, I always think of it like this. Because my first thought when I started to make money was, what if it goes away? And then I said, well, I'll just make more.

Because I've learned how to be valuable, and I've learned to make money. Now I know I can just keep making money. I trust that. Shippling. I realize how much habits get in the way, breaking the habits that I do every day.

I'm trying to purposefully stop myself from doing my habits. I hear you at my head. So what are habits? What is it avoidance? Okay.

Are they avoidance behaviors, which is your stress relief? What what are habits? If you say I'm I'm trying to stop myself from doing my habits, all behavior serves and need stop trying to stop yourself from doing something and acknowledge the need. The need is not being met, or the need could be met in a different way. But they're not habits.

You don't have to fight yourself anymore. There's no fighting yourself. Alright? I allowed my mom to control me with her money. Yes.

That you could also say mom's money was there when I needed it. Okay, because we take responsibility. No more. I am taking my control back, and soon I will have money flowing into my life. She's controlling your money because you're disempowered in whatever area you're disempowered, somebody will overpower you in this area.

And that's okay. Forgive her. All behavior meet your need, hers, and yours. This need is no longer needed anymore, and you can let that go with a whole lot of love and acknowledge the resentment. You must acknowledge the resentment and be in control.

Because you said I allowed my mom to control me with money, but you still said my mom controlled me with money. Okay? So she was giving to you in making the rules because he who has the goal makes the rules. Oh, okay. So your money awareness is to become aware of your money identity because your money energy is attached to the world of emotion.

So what are you feeling around money? And if you can get me to a feeling, we can get you through it. How can I start giving money right now, even though I'm on my survival budget? Every single day, I want you to look at your Thrive budget and imagine it's coming to fruition. Just get excited about it.

I was like, right. I'm gonna bring more money into my life. I'm in control of my money, whatever that is. And also look at all eight of these areas that I've just highlighted for you, and tell me where you're the weakest right now. Tell me where you're the weakest right now.

So remember, we come to awareness first, if you're becoming aware of everything you're doing that's blocking money, leaking money, giving money away without setting boundaries, you're coming aware of where your money is going, and where it's coming from because, you know, like I said, money is a byproduct of focus and joy. Well, if there's no focus and joy, then there's really no alignment and no money. So that is where you start. You stop looking at that survival budget or start incrementally bringing your survival budget higher and higher, start moving things from the Thrive budget. Over and say, this is when I'm gonna start connecting.

Start making room for these things. If it's self care, make the time If you know what? Self care is when I've got no money, I can do my own manicure at home. When I can't just an example, I don't get manicures. And it when I have money, I can go and get my manicure, but if I make the time to do the self care and the manicure because I'm looking after myself, and that's what I want, then that energy is more important you're connecting your survival, and you thrive, and you're making space for it in your life.

Sarah, I'm stuck in all levels of the money wheel. Not stuck, you're just not speaking up for yourself. I thought I worked hard on all of that, but I'm now But now I'm hearing you were too expensive all the time, okay, which you believe, and no one books, and now I'm questioning Everything. Okay. I made good money, and now everything I make comes and goes in a blink.

I'm struggling and can't get find a way to unlock my blocks. What changed? Thera, if your money changed, your value changed. Something happened which shifted either your value mentality, or maybe you've never been in charge of your money, so this is the first time you've actually had it. So it's not that it's going away from you.

You you asked for money, and remember I said when you start asking for money, it's going to show up for you. If you don't do the work, you won't be able to keep it. I could get money to show up for me, but I couldn't keep it because I didn't have the direction. I wasn't asking or I didn't have clarity, and I didn't have value. So I would say to the universe, I need $10,000 this month, and the universe would say there's $10,000.

And that's all I would get, and it was always just enough. So something changed in order for your money to change. And now you're saying you don't know what it is, but if you get above the emotion of it and look at the picture, you're gonna find what shifted and when, and when you started thinking a different way, or the moment you were getting money, is this the first time you've ever had control of money? Because I know when I first started getting it, a lot of it blew out that front door before I could plug that leak, Kitty, the thing I've gotten the most benefit so far is actually observe my thoughts and sometimes with great surprise instead of letting them run the show. Exactly right.

You don't have to believe everything you think. You certainly, certainly don't have to believe my thoughts and my feelings are just responding to my thoughts. You can change your thoughts. So What is your current money identity was the question I asked, and that's your homework? What do you think when you look at your money identity?

Is it disempowered? Is it empowered? Is it no direction? What is it? If you can bring that to the light, you can start focusing in that area when you're riding your survivin Thrive list.

This is the area where I'm not aligned at all. Physical body, mood, sleep, e, rest, self care, and body image. That's everything. That's everything. Yeah.

So now pick 1, start with money, get into alignment with every single one of them, and we will coach through the same steps. In all those areas, it's the same steps coming to awareness, coming to a acceptance processing, setting boundaries, and making sure then that once you've learned how to get out of your own way that you're now connected unfolding and creating a daily, daily ritual that's for you that prioritizes you. When you say you start your day with alignment, do you mean you actually sit down lie down, walk around? I can do alignment anywhere sitting on the toilet. Walking, showering, lying in bed for 2 minutes.

I wake up in the morning and say, how do I feel about my day? If I'm not in love with my day, I'm in lack. Why am I in lack today? Why have I agreed to do this thing when I should have set a boundary and said no? Why have I not planned to do something for me today?

Why have I put everybody else in front of me today and not made time for my self, right in that moment, when you connect with your day, you're going to know what you have allowed for yourself today and what you have not. That's how I wake up in that alignment. And I wanna make sure that the day I'm creating is a day of love, not a day of lack. The moment money shifted into the negative of my business, when I began to no longer value myself on my business. It shows up in your money instantly.

Self value shows up in your bank account. It's dently instantly. Okay. And week 1, the 8 areas of life and how I am aligned, I saw where I was not fully aligned in every area and totally not aligned in the areas 1 to 4. I want to move to mastery and all eight, but it feels fearful I cry and avoid looking at it.

So stop looking at it. It's too big. You cannot tell me there is not a person watching this broadcast that can tell me they have a fear of being successful. That's just avoidance. I have a fear of making it and being successful.

No, you don't. Trust me. Making it and being successful is the shit my whole life. I get up and big smile on my face because of the shit that I've achieved and how I did it, and I give myself the biggest pattern because I've been a loser. I've been without.

I've been in money pain. I've been filled with shame, and I'm not anymore. And nobody gets to take that away from me. That's mastery. You can't take mastery away from me.

I did the work. I did the time. I am the energy. You can't be afraid of having a better life. You can't be afraid of wanting more of being more.

That's bullshit. Whatever you do it, now I'm cursing and there's children in the room. I'm so sorry, kids. Oh, my all my students tell me, like, my children are watching. My children are watching, and I'm like, stop dropping f bombs and shishas and fiercest.

It starts spelling your curse words. But he do I like I said, now I'm an excitable girl. What emotion is the emotion of guilt? Guilt is self correcting. Guilt is self correcting, and it means I've done something bad, and shame is I'm a bad person.

Okay. So guilt is when we don't speak up for ourselves, when we people please don't set a boundary, when we don't they know when we don't tell somebody the truth, when we don't speak with our authentic voice, when we don't walk our true path and when we go against what our soul wants to make other people happy. That's guilt. Okay. And guilt is self correcting, so it's okay.

I'm stuck in all levels on it. I did Sarah's question. Thanks, Jen. I'm gonna leave another drink of tea where you're writing me more questions. You know, I get off my broadcast, and I have this white crusty bit all around here.

And that's how I know I've done a good talk. I don't drink water, and I just talk very rapidly. Can you talk more about having the challenge of asking For more, when that is a squidgy topic, for example, when you found out your assistant was making more than you because she asked for more, I still feel sick I felt sick reading that line because it brings back the feeling of my struggle back then. She was also very pretty and very, very beautiful and sweet and kind and everything I wasn't. Thought I wasn't.

So to me, she just got more than me because she was better than me. Finding out other people have asked for more when you haven't is an awakening. But before it's on awakening, it's a punch in the throat. That's what it is. It's just a punch in the throat.

Remember, This is not a reflection. What you have is not a reflection of your self worth. It's a reflection of what you've asked for. The greatest lesson I learned from her is that she asked for more, and I did not. And it makes you realize that you can start asking for more.

Right? I've noticed that I wake up most days going through my long to do list and focus there instead of focusing on my dreams. I think that is telling me that I'm in avoidance. Judith, let's do this then. I have a to do list that has 3 things on it.

I can only do three things in one block of time, and there might be 3 big things that I have to break down, but it doesn't matter. I start with 3 things. If you are creating a list of things you have to do, but not gonna get around to doing today, don't write that list. That's not a goal list. That's a worry list.

You write a worry list, and then you spend the whole day worried about it, and that is avoidance, right? Because if you're spending the whole day worried about what you're not getting done, you're not getting anything done, which means you're avoiding what you have to get done, that tells me that there's something on that list, or it's an overarching thing, like, you've gotta get out there and network, and you're avoiding it. So you're just gonna worry about everything else on the list and create a whole lot of worry energy. That called a worry list. Stop with the worry list.

How I got through that, especially with ADHD because my worry list is, like, printed on the back of my eyelids. And every 5 minutes, it's like, I wanna be here, but I bought this worry list, and I wanna do this, but I've got this worry list, and I've got So to me, it was like, I gotta take the 3 most important things off that, put that on my to do list, and I don't put anything else on it until those 3 are done. And if I can't do one of those 3 things, I break down why. Try that. I've noticed that I wake up.

Yeah. That's it. What? Cool. I still have time if you want to ask me a question.

Guys have been so quiet today. Alright, I'm just gonna keep talking. So after money awareness, I said that you have to come into money acceptance. Now remember for those people that are not struggling with money pain right now, but just completely passive, Tammy, what you were talking about, not growing that money. It's time to start growing that money.

It's time to start growing that I want list. It's time to start really connecting that survived to that Thrive list. And it's time to really activate what you're most joyful about around money. And remember, I said if you're not struggling with money, And you're just waking up and you're just passive, I want you to turn all of your attention towards what you want. Okay?

And really, start to ignite that path because alignment creates action. Number 3 was your avoidance. I want you to remember it's just stress relief. So every single day, if you're going to avoidance, it's stress relief, remember the list, the stress relief list. I want you to create a list of things you can do that are self care, stress relief, and self care that don't evolve your avoidance.

That's how I broke through avoidance eating, I would just say to myself, I don't wanna eat this pain because, you know, my gallbladder got cut out. I lost an organ because I was binge eating my feelings and anger and rage and resentment. So in order to stop that behavior, the rage and resentment came up, because it wasn't stuffing it down anymore. And it's not the act of weight I'm talking about. It's the energy of I couldn't speak up for myself when I was angry.

In any way, shape, or form, and I was so resentful at being such a big people pleaser that what I would do is feel that rage. I would go and eat it to take the feeling away, and then my liver and my gallbladder, collapsed, my gallbladder collapsed, and it had to have an organ removed because and metaphysically, the gallbladder is bitterness. So I was bitter towards other people for having more than what I was asking for. I was bitter for being a people pleaser and not knowing how to meet my own needs. So my goodness.

And but yeah, I just found that, you know, when the big emotion comes up, I want you to sit in the emotion and process it. And maybe confront it within yourself. And if it's a confrontation, you have to have somebody else, and you have to get prepared for that, especially if you're not good at confronting. I actually got really good at confronting, people. When I learn to speak up for myself, I can do it very calmly now, and I'm not afraid of it, I'm not afraid of confrontation.

So I know it feels horrible at first, but, you know, trust me, it it really is. So if there is money avoidance, have you worked out why you're avoiding money was the big question? And I got a few no direction, but you know, I really want you to explore that space. Why are you avoiding this money? Why are you avoiding this survive and thriveless?

Why are you avoiding looking at this every day? Why are you avoiding it? Cause there's a motion there. And it's an emotion that you would rather avoid. And it's either worthlessness, feeling stupid, or not good enough.

It's feeling out of control, guilt, shame, feeling disempowered, feeling betrayed or controlled, unfulfilled with no direction, no focus, not asking no boundaries or people pleasing. I can't think of any more. Those pretty much sum it up, but I forgot worthlessness, feeling stupid, no control, guilt, and shame, just empowered, betrayed, willing controlled, unfulfilled, no direction, no focus, not asking, no boundaries, and people pleasing. There's 13 really good reasons that you are not making money right now or attracting more money right now, get to the core of it and kick through that immediately. Number 4 is your processing, okay?

And your homework this week is processing around money as your self management. It's about managing my thoughts and my feelings. I want you to bring a new identity into this world. I want you to discover a new way to think about money, speak about money, behave around money, take control of money, I used to have 0 money control, and then I became a total money making machine, and I learned how to save, and I learned how to spend, and I learned how to speak up for myself, and I learned how to say what I'm worth, and it just kept growing, and it keeps growing. Use, I choose to believe, I choose to believe I choose to believe.

I don't believe that anymore. I choose to believe this. Can you refresh me? I don't know why it's gone off Sierra. Thank you.

So you know, making sure that you set those boundaries around money and around that money wheel is so important. Oh, could you just slide up for me here now? I just wanna yep. Down there. I looked up no, you can go back down now.

Well, I looked at money with taxes and realized I needed to dream bigger. You know, a lot of people avoid their taxes. But I made a goal when I was breaking through money to pay a $1,000,000 in tax. I was like, I'm gonna pay a $1,000,000 in tax because that means I've made considerably more. Okay.

I took that away by doing the mantra. This is for the tax, man. This is to grow my business, and this is for me. Remember that? This is for the tax, man.

This is to go back to my business. This is for me, 33, 33, 34. Self management. Proceeding your emotions around money. I know some people have multiple bank accounts, and others have one.

What system do you prefer and how do you advise we find the system that works for us? I think there's only one system, and I've been teaching that for 13 years. It's the only way I made money. And that was 3 bank accounts. 1 is for saving, 1 is for business, One is for taxes.

If you don't pay your taxes, you won't have a business. If you don't pay yourself, you don't have a profit margin, you don't have a business. If you don't put money back into the business, you don't get more work to potentially not pay yourself and not pay the tax plan. If you can do that in one bank account, then you are really good with money. I was not.

It was very important that I made those 3 bank accounts so I could give my money solid direction. That's a good one. What else have I got more questions, or can you refresh Sierra? I don't know why, but it's not coming out. I want to move away from move one of my current businesses, but I'm worried about letting go of that particular income.

How can I Look, if you need to move part of your business, or part of your income, it's energy? So it will follow what your brain follows. If you, are worried about it, then worry will bring more worry and less. You just got a certain eviction. Get some clarity around where you're going.

Impower it with good emotion. If you can't impair it with a good emotion, you're not in alignment. Then start stepping towards it. What changed is I have a studio now. I'm most survival tripled, and now I'm afraid of losing my studio.

There you go. You went back to a scarcity mindset, Sarah. Something shifted. Money doesn't just disappear. You set money up to come with direction.

It comes the second you get in the way of it and start worrying about stuff or asking how you drive it away, it's showing up in your income. And you said, I just don't know why. You got this. Where you go. Money Manchers, all mantras are good when they they don't shift a negative emotion, but they empower a positive emotion.

So whenever I am feeling good, I use mantras and affirmation like that. Like I use it to activate the energy inside me I'm doing this. I'm growing. I'm becoming. You know, like, I keep it like, oh, oh, I keep it on the up cycle because it's very important that I stay on the up cycle.

I know some people have multiple accounts. No. Okay. It's it. Oh, I see.

We jump around and it's replies, maybe. I I actually don't know what my time is because the chat box is covering my clock. So, I just need to check-in, oh, it's 1:30. Okay. So that means I've been talking for an hour a half.

It feels like 20 minutes. But please, I'm happy to stay if you've got more questions. I do not mind answering questions today. I'll just keep going through my process. Number 5 is boundaries.

And like I said, time is the hardest boundary to set, especially when you're not connected to your true path or you're stuck in people pleasing, or you just have an started to create time, but it's until you block out this time for self, for self care, for walking, working out, time out that you're really just demonstrating a boundary of self care, self respect, and communicating boundaries is speaking up for yourself. That that is carving out time for yourself to do what you want, how you want, and I don't care if it's 20 minutes a day. It's for you. Your question was what I don't value in my photography business. Everything I love to do is in the business is in place when I do make sales, I am discouraged and feel worthless.

So selling is about receiving the money. Or you're too tied to the validation of people liking their work, or you're getting in the way of selling, which is getting in the way of money. So it's that simple. When you have part of your life or part of your business that makes you feel worthless, you're disempowered in selling. That tells me you're disempowered in selling, and you have to find your selling value in order to sell yourself so you can receive money in your business.

For those with debt that need to be smashed, what approach do you recommend we take, that okay. So I've tried I tried many times to do the survival, you know, emergency debt where you just cut all spending, you stop going out, you stop living your life, you stop buying a bottle of wine, you stop doing everything, and you do nothing, but focus on paying down that debt. And I hated it. I couldn't do it. I always fell off the wagon.

I felt like a loser. I felt like I was always struggling. I wasn't acknowledging that I needed some money for stress relief, because especially when you're going through these big emotions that you're not processing the stress relief is paramount. So you need the stress relief, so you've got to find ways to stress relief, and, you know, while you're doing it, but without feeling like you have nothing. Secondly, I focus us more on growing my income in every possible way, because I knew that if I just keep growing in value, and I keep asking for more, and I keep growing my income.

And inevitably, I'm gonna start getting more, and I'm gonna start paying it off. What I absolutely did do was paste it every single day until there was no guilt and shame. It was just a number in his system, And I said about chopping that wood every single week to pay it down, and there was no money pain because the shame's gone, the guilt's gone, I'm asking for more, I'm stepping up and I'm becoming more, and inevitably, I am focused on my debt because I'm not avoiding it, which means I'm paying it down, and I'm getting so excited that every single time I drop that debt, I know that my Thriival budget is coming closer and closer to me, and I am bridging as many gaps as I can. And every time I go up and a little bit more income, I bring something from that thrive over to that survival budget. And now my survival budget is way up here.

Alright. Let me keep talking where you ask questions. So setting boundaries around anywhere you're giving money away to and not going to give money away to anymore, saying no, over getting is the biggest one. No direction and tight fistedness comes from scarcity. So start really challenging yourself in a world of abundance.

And ask yourself this when you're type fisted, Is there somebody in your world that is not good with money and you sometimes feel like you have to be tight fisted in order to keep hold of it? Or was there a parent that made you feel like money could run away at any time and so could my spouse? So therefore, I'm going to be tight fisted towards it always just check-in with the emotion and the belief that you have, Siri, can you give me a? Alright. Just checking on the questions.

Alright. Money boundaries is asking for more. That's in your Thrive, really every single day, looking at that Thrive and just bringing more abundance into your world, demonstrating and communicating boundaries around money. You gotta do it. You know, this really worked for me.

I had staff for a long time, a lot of staff, and I said to them right from the beginning, you know how much money we make. Let me tell you where it's going. And I read this thing that said the next generation needs you to be transparent about money. They need to know what they're doing, they're doing it, who they're doing it for, and what they're making. Then they need to know what you're making, what they're making, and be transparent about it.

I did that. I set my staff down. I said, this is how much money we make. This is how much money you make. You can only make a finite amount of money with me as a wage, So I need to make sure that in order to keep you, I'm gonna upskill you so that you're making more money in these areas, and I set about making sure my are for all growing and learning about money and learning about business and becoming self employed and becoming more.

And then they stayed with me and gave me that baseline of work, and that's why all of my people stayed with me until I worked for them. Alright? Until they work for them. What are some real world examples of what asking for more means? Everything on your thrive is more than what you're getting right now.

Everything you asked for on that Thrive list, you should be asking for right now but you're not because you're getting the survival, which means you're asking for that. I want you to look at that list and say, I bring this into my world. I make time for this abundance. I am going to use this money in this way. I'm gonna have these experiences.

I'm gonna buy these things. These make me feel good. Oh, I can feel what goes on. Alright. I'm gonna keep talking where you ask questions.

Folding what we really, really want and I'm sorry if you're a people pleaser. I'm sorry if you're second people pleating because I was there for so, so long. And weirdly, when I really got to the bottom of it, I didn't know how to meet my own needs. I thought I did. I know I didn't like everybody else's needs.

I knew that I was putting others ahead of myself, but I didn't really know how to meet my own needs. And this is where the multiverse of possibility is so powerful. But I need you to feel it, right? I need you to feel the path, because if you don't feel the path, you're not gonna know what it's like to feel it. Making sure that when you're unfolding your money, it's what you want.

Go back to what lights you are, what calls to you. Alright? It's got a call to you in gotta feel good. You want to have it. You imagine yourself having it.

And then when you get certainty and conviction, that's clarity. It's like the that's the fuel in my rocket ship, that clarity. That's the moment where I say it doesn't matter what you do or say. This is what I want, and I will find a way. And that alignment comes from being activated by what your heart really wants.

Yeah. You know, I didn't know how to meet my own needs really describes blaming other people for not being happy with what I was getting. Instead of learning that it was me, that can do it. And that this is not a linear path that you have to go through. I'm teaching you that every day your focus is this, and that's what you're getting.

Change your focus. It's that simple. The faster you can change and hold that alignment, the quicker it's going to come to you. Shift your focus. It's like a frequency.

If you were listening to a radio station that you hated, would you keep listening to it? Or would you change the channel? You have the power to do it. Alright, I'm gonna leave you there this week. I'm gonna drop your homework questions into the community group so that you can work through them.

I want you to really start looking at these eight areas. These eight areas is how we open to self value in all areas of our life. Money is just One of the money is one of the ones that is just so direct proportion to how you're operating in your value because it's such a value metric. That's why coaching money is so powerful. You thought It was about money, but it's not.

It's about you and what you ask for and what you allow and how you ask and how you show up and how you receive it. That simple. Oh, wait, did I miss some questions? Can you go back up a little bit, Sarah? Keep going.

Keep going. Keep going. Oh, yeah. Go back down. Thank you.

Sorry. My chat's not refreshing. So this year is doing it manually. What is the fastest way to move from disempowerment empower yourself in that area. Whatever area you are disempowered, someone or something will overpower you Which area are you over empowered?

Who is overpowering you? Start there. Okay? Each area. I'm the opposite to tight fisted.

I live in a mindset of abundance, and I've always believed what they need will come to me. Sometimes I think I overdo it. I spend more then I know I should, but I do it anyway. Is this avoidance behavior? Well, if you spend more, you're spending to get a feeling.

So what's the feeling you get from spending? If you like that feeling and you want to keep spending that amount, you need to increase what you're asking for so you can keep saving more. But if you're saying it's getting in the way of you moving forward, then that's not abundance. That I enjoy spending in order to get a feeling. And if you have a look at the wheel of misfortune, over spending goes to out of control, okay, because we don't feel like we're in control.

So chicken on that, I don't know how that's a big one. But every week, we get there, we get closer and closer. You just gotta keep hitting every one of these areas. Look at all eight areas. This is the process.

Find out where you're getting stuck and talk to me in the community group because the more feedback you give me, and then the more I can help you work through. Done.

==== End of Transcript: Money Mindset 03 ====
