==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 11 - Work ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome back to deep dives. I'm Nikki Closer. I'm with Sue Bryce today.

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone. Hey, doing? We're obviously wearing the same clothes.

Nikki Closser | He likes to be efficient. So today, we are talking about work And something that you talked about in the power talks, and this is something that, like, when you said it, it just resonated so deep is that one of your first kind of real true feeling valued and important was through work. And I feel a 100% the same.

Sue Bryce | I didn't get my value from my family, meaning, like, some people have a valuable family already in a community, and so they're born into that family. So it wasn't like inheriting any family value, although, you know, other than the basics of, good being able to make friends and stuff, I also didn't get any value through education because I didn't finish high school or build a community with high school that way because I didn't get to go to finish high school. So or college. So there was no identity there, no sort of community there either. For me, it was building that business.

Sue Bryce | And of course, they didn't start doing that till I turned 30. And then it took me 2, nearly 3 years to monetize. You know, the 1st 3 years, I paid rent with a full credit card, and I live month to month as a business owner until they broke through selling and value. So to me, yeah, some people, I guess, get a sense of value from their family unit Some people may be especially if you live in a town where your your family owns a business in town and they're known in town that already is a sense community and value that's a little, you know, different. There's always a way to find your value and work through it.

Sue Bryce | So, yes, some people find it through, a spouse, which you believe. You know, but however you find your value, You can then put that value in every area of your life.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But you can come in a different way.

Nikki Closser | I remember just not feeling important, I guess. And so, therefore, I thought, well, how can I And at the time, I was not aware of this just looking back? You know, how can I be an important person? And to me, that was to be a social worker. If I help other people, that makes me important.

Nikki Closser | Like, I would just kept trying to put value and help on others instead of myself.

Sue Bryce | Yes. People pleasing. People pleasing in your career, but then obviously, well, most of us people please for that first idea of the career because You know, you grow up and people say, what are you gonna be when you grow up? And you kinda formulate this idea. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But you go along with it. But, like, there was never any opportunity to be like, well, Nikki, you could be whatever you want. You could be an entrepreneur. You could be a photographer. You could, you know, be this.

Sue Bryce | You could be that. I mean, we didn't we got the same options. Our parents with the same limits usually around what our parents got, and then you make a decision and you start walking towards it, but So this area is interesting in terms of self value because I believe that you could infuse your work with a career with self value that you don't own the business, but it's a career. Yes. You can absolutely work with purpose and value in a career where somebody else is paying you, maybe you just want a side hustle.

Sue Bryce | Maybe you just want something that you love doing over here that makes money. Maybe you actually want to start a business or be and I say solopreneur because an entrepreneur Like, just the weight of that word sometimes, and I've never liked that word anyway, but solopreneur was because I'm self employed. And I've been self employed for this amount of time, but with modern business now, you can ten ninety nine people all day. And not have a single employee. So you can bring people in who are contracted workers who can work within your business and in their wheelhouse and get paid well doing it, but you're just not responsible to find work for them the other 362 days of the year.

Sue Bryce | And they get paid a little bit more. They have a higher engagement in your business. So there is just a way to make this work for all of us once we get to self value and then start, unlocking what we really, really want. I believe everybody is worthy of the education that they want. The job or career that they want, the business, the side hustle that they want.

Nikki Closser | A lot of a lot the students in our community are in kind of a position where maybe they they want to change careers. They wanna leave a a day job that they that they have now that they don't want and they wanna start How

Sue Bryce | do I jump? Or Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | And you know, I did that. You know, I went from being a social worker for 12 years. Into full time photographer. And I think, you know, some people are like, you know, how did you do that? Like, you're so brave or this or that.

Nikki Closser | And It's just such an interesting

Sue Bryce | perspective. It's it's setting expectations, you know, that business is setting expectations. It is creating a product of value Marketing is an offer of value with authenticity and servicing care because the more you give, the more you get back in equal exchange. Valuing yourself, your time, setting expectations with your clients, problem solving. They're the 2 biggest ones, setting expectations, problem solving, and then money management, because most of us go into the start of business, we have no clue about managing money.

Sue Bryce | Or attracting it or keeping it or making it profitable or taxes. So there's some learning curves, but they're all systems. And they're the most safe system. They're a system of customer service, a system of product value, a system of marketing, a system of delivery, and it's a system of money management, and it's such an incredible tax system, and it's such a great system. That once you learn it, there's no mystery anymore, but the the fuel in your rocket ship is self value.

Sue Bryce | Because I built a business that worked for the 1st 2 years, but only month to month. It wasn't until I looked at it and said, I'm surviving, but I'm not thriving, which means there was no profit. There was no more at the end of the day I was only asking for enough. So you unlock that and your business life flourish Now it feels a little bit different when you're working in a job because somebody else is in control of that money. But although that feels like it's being held in a glass ceiling, it's actually also just an energy block because the more you infuse that career with value, the more you'll see evidence that there's more value there and the people that you are giving more value to will either elevate you in that value, or you will see that you're not being valued.

Sue Bryce | So you'll break away and start to value yourself in a different career. So it doesn't matter anyway. You're just gonna walk through all the stages, but the more value you give that product that service, that system, that authentic voice, that connection, that time with your clients, the more you fill that with self value, then obviously the better that is, more money, more clients, more people that wanna be with you,

Nikki Closser | You know, the other thing too is joy. You talk a lot about how, you know, especially with changing career, if you're if you're doing it with joy as opposed to the but how but how and really infuse it with joy, it makes

Sue Bryce | There's nobody does. Oh my gosh. Even you did that. To some degree. I mean,

Nikki Closser | I like fluctuating between holy

Sue Bryce | how the hell am I gonna do that? Yes.

Nikki Closser | Enjoy. I, like, was an up and down wave of joy.

Sue Bryce | You just, confronted with the unknown, and there's a lot uncomfortable conversations. Usually around money Mhmm. And setting expectations and problem solving, those are the uncomfortable conversations. But, yeah, once you get your formula, then you just fill it with more value and and you're away laughing. To me, self value in business was the moment, For me, it was breaking through money.

Sue Bryce | You see, they are tied so tied to each other. Just money is a value metric. So when I couldn't ask for money or receive money in my business, it felt personal. It just felt like personal. Rejection.

Sue Bryce | I felt like I could never ask for this money. I could never ask for this value in equal exchange. And the crazy part is is the rejection that you're most afraid of in this moment is I don't believe it's worth that money. That's it. Like, there's nothing else there.

Sue Bryce | And when you say it, I don't I don't believe it's worth that money. That's still not anything to do with you. In fact, you have to check your people, please, sir, because if somebody looked at you and said, I don't value this, you know, they're just talking about themselves. They don't value this. Maybe they like to cover themselves in honey and, you know, do something weird and different.

Sue Bryce | You don't know what people value. So it's like to meet them. Like, why? When they say, I don't value this, you here, you don't you have no value.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And it's not It's not the reflection you're looking at. So, an objection is just a call for more information. Right? More it's just somebody not the right time for me, or I don't value this. So to me, I laugh.

Sue Bryce | I always say I hate ice cream. That's what they say. So when people when I felt offended by people, when they would say, I don't like your work, or that's not what they said. They said, no. Thank you.

Sue Bryce | But it sounds like I don't like your work and you're not good enough. In my head, I'd say I hate ice cream. I hate ice cream. I hate it. I hate that I hate that it's cold.

Sue Bryce | I hate that it's creamy. Whenever I eat it, I feel sick. I hate ice cream. I've always hated ice cream. I say I used to say I hate ice cream, and people would say to me, Hate's a really strong word.

Sue Bryce | Why do you hate ice cream? And then I thought about it afterwards, and I was like, I don't hate ice cream. I just don't want it. Don't like it. So I guess I don't hate ice cream at all.

Sue Bryce | So when people said to me, I hate oh, I hate that kind of perfection. That's what somebody said about my brand, and I took it really took it personally. In my head, I was like, I hate ice cream. And most people think I'm weird, but I hate ice cream. So Just remember that that rejection that you most fear is I don't value this.

Sue Bryce | Well, I don't value you know, paying $35,000 for a 1st class flight, but some people do. Mhmm. I mean, I don't value

Nikki Closser | You're

Sue Bryce | exactly right. Don't value a nice car. I do. I like having I'm a car girl and, like, cars are my thing. You know, that's not I'm better than you.

Sue Bryce | I just like cars. Some people value, you know,

Nikki Closser | it's so true. Like, I'm not a I'm not a person shoe person. I would rather spend my money on plane but it's necessary against Michael Kors and, you know, Burberry. Does Burberry make bags? See?

Nikki Closser | That's how little I know.

Sue Bryce | They do.

Nikki Closser | But that doesn't mean I'm like, the owners of Burberry should feel terribly about themselves. Like, it's just Okay.

Sue Bryce | So somebody walks in with a Prada bag and they said put their $2,500 Prada back down. You know, and I said that I don't value expensive purses. You could imagine the person holding that purse would be kind of offended by that. Right. But why?

Sue Bryce | I know it's a it's a thing. You know, at the end of the day, you just have to hear the rejection for exactly what it is and when you're marketing and making an offer of value, you're gonna make an offer of value to people that don't value what you're offering, and they're gonna say no, and that is not rejection.

Nikki Closser | It's a

Sue Bryce | lot of

Nikki Closser | average. Right? I mean So for me then Some people aren't. Yep.

Sue Bryce | And so for me then, I made me really ballsy in business about what I could offer, because I got better at hearing now. Does it still hurt my feelings? Yes. The just it's just the way we're made. It's something that's so weird about it, but it is.

Sue Bryce | If I hear no, I do kind of take a little like, oh, what's that? No. For a minute, and then I get over it. So But, yeah, that to me is everything, but filling workspace with love, filling side hustle with love. Let's talk about a few of the big ones, leaving that job You're gonna need to know what your systems are, and you can set up all of those systems part time and start working them part time before you roll out that income.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Another big one in terms of self value that that comes up, and I know you went through this in a small way, is telling your spouse you wanna start a business and then having them support you. Oh, and your family members, like, a lot of people especially in our network, Greg, all the businesses that are building, they'll come in first and they'll say something like my husband said, my wife said, My brother said, my mum said, you won't be able to do this here in this town and make this much money. You can't do this because you won't be able to do this because and all they were doing was going to their family, telling them what they wanted, their family were telling them via limits, via limits, you can't do that because those are your limits, not my limits, and then you believed their limits. And you said, I can't do this because we see that on a daily basis.

Sue Bryce | And I feel like when people would go 7, 8 years into my community and build a profitable business when they're making $350,500,000 a year, they would search the group for their first comments back 7 years ago where they would say one girl recently, one of my top lines sent me, an old screenshot from 7 years ago that said this will not work in my town. And I was like, do you believe you actually wrote that 7 years ago? And she said, no. She said, I can't even believe I actually said it because she said when I didn't go looking for that, she said I found that by mistake. She said, but when I did see it, I was like, I was saying those things.

Sue Bryce | It won't work. It's not me. It won't work. And it really is you. I feel like the more alignment you can get well, the more systems you can create the more alignment you can get into with what you really want in terms of building your business, there are no rules anymore.

Sue Bryce | We used to teach people that you have to start a business this way and this way and this way. And now it's not. I can work from home. I'm doing a live international broadcast right now in my office at home. Like, I have the equipment now.

Sue Bryce | It's it's just evolved so incredibly fast. I can sell online products, digital products, physical products, You know, I can connect online. I can coach, mentor, teach. I can build platforms in my pajamas. Like, the world

Nikki Closser | of joy.

Sue Bryce | With joy. And the world of economy has not changed, but how we create money in and social media and connections and the way we have online business is just open this incredible world and One of the hardest things that you'll ever have to do in deciding to even go back to work or changing your career path maybe you've had children for women and you've been at home. And now even dudes are at home too now, so maybe you're leaving that space and going back to work, or maybe you're home with the kids, guys, or girls, and you're starting your side hustle business education now because look at me. I have an online education company that teaches photographers how to create a business. So many of our students were parents who were coming back to the workforce.

Sue Bryce | So they had some study time. They're just juggling those kids that study time and building their systems so that they could launch, and then they launched off like you did. Mhmm. And then here you are. Also, I think what's really important is we always bring it back to the truth, and the truth is is, you know, Nikki was not Dan was not like, we make so much money, babe.

Sue Bryce | You just quit work and do whatever you want to get a mortgage.

Nikki Closser | That's not how it works.

Sue Bryce | It's being the same amount of money. Like, you were both you, you know, he hadn't started his business yet. So you were both in that double income with a doll oh, dinkwad. Double income. No kid.

Sue Bryce | Double income. No kids with a dog. Dink wads. You're there. I know it's the new thing.

Sue Bryce | And you know, you transitioned that transition year was tough. Mhmm. Because I remember you didn't have, like, a lot of money to, you know, you didn't have money fall back on. You were doing everything month by month then.

Nikki Closser | Yep. Well, it's interesting when I think about, like, one of the reasons I had kids so late in life is I did start that business. I started my business. Let's see. It'd be 11 years ago.

Nikki Closser | So I was 30 636 when I started my photography business. And I remembered thinking, like, people would say to me, because I'd say, like, I don't know if I'm ready to have kids. You know, I just started business, and people would say, well, oh, your priorities will shift. You won't wanna work as much. And I remember thinking, well, I don't want to not want to work as much.

Nikki Closser | Like, I I had the impression that having a child would completely, like, destroy my business or something.

Sue Bryce | Oh, can I just add to that?

Nikki Closser | These people were throwing at me. I was like, wait, let me let me finish my thought really Let me finish my thumb. So, like, the things people were throwing at me, in reality, that was not the case. Like, I was I didn't miss a beat with boat having 2 babies with my business because I was able to create boundaries around it and manage it all in a way that no one

Sue Bryce | I don't I feel like it's something different. Oh, well, more. Not different. I feel like, to me, what I saw is you had broken through money. You were so in love and in alignment with your business when you started having kids.

Sue Bryce | You weren't struggling in the sense the way you were struggling. You were glass ceiling then. You were just still going up. You weren't like, how am I gonna do this? Yes.

Sue Bryce | So you had already got flow, you got studio, and then you started to have babies. To me, it wasn't a matter of I hate my job and my kids are way more fun, and I don't wanna go to work anymore, you were like, this is I'm in love with my business.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | And Yeah. I feel like it wasn't a matter of your kids with steel time. In fact, a lot of people would be in more danger of it stealing time from their kids.

Nikki Closser | You're right. Right. And and I was worried that that was gonna be the case. Like, that I was gonna be someone who now all of a sudden didn't wanna do my work anymore.

Sue Bryce | Nah.

Nikki Closser | It was just such a weird like, some of the things that people said to me, And I But I

Sue Bryce | think those people aren't business owners. I think those people would just had a job and then realize they didn't really wanna go to a job when they could hang out with these amazing kids all day.

Nikki Closser | Right. That makes

Sue Bryce | a difference. I wouldn't wanna work. Yeah. Drop my kids out of school and go to a a job. No.

Sue Bryce | But I do wanna stand that by the time I became self employed, I'm unemployable. Right? I'm unemployable. I know I'm unemployable. I'm somebody that needs to always be self employed.

Sue Bryce | And I feel like now the biggest thing with you was then I get to teach my children how to be self employed.

Nikki Closser | That was that's a huge. Now that they're getting older, I don't think I thought that when I first had them, But now that they're getting older, I love that I get to teach them. Right. They choose to be. You know, hopefully that's their choice, but, you know, it's up

Sue Bryce | to them. Gonna freak out if your kids don't wanna go to college?

Nikki Closser | Oh, I hope they don't.

Sue Bryce | College is a rite of passage, and it's an incredible, cultural thing in the US. Yeah. It's not the same in New Zealand Australia. But it's a very rite of passage growing up, you know, and but it's also incur massive stress, massive debt. Yeah.

Nikki Closser | And a lot of awkward massive debt from it.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And a lot of people don't have the opportunity to do that. So but I do hear a lot of Americans say, you know, my child has to go to college. And I'm like, oh, well, I didn't even finish high school, and I did. Okay.

Nikki Closser | So Yeah. But That was my that was my parents. Yes. That was my dad,

Sue Bryce | to me. Right? You had to go to college.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. But it's interesting now because my business did not Missy Bee, and I am a damn good mother as well. I spend so much time, quality, time with my children, and I ran my business with my 2 babies and the whole 9, like, it doesn't have to be 1 or the other.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't.

Nikki Closser | And I think people

Sue Bryce | just like it is. And you know what? Let's address that because When you use that as an excuse, that's avoidance.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | It's definitely something that would be easy to use as I can't because. And whenever we say I can't because it's avoidance Mhmm. Because you know, we know that that's your truth right now, but it's not the truth. Whenever anybody says, how did you do that? And so right now, if somebody said to you, how did you do that?

Sue Bryce | My answer is I was in alignment. I was in alignment with my business. I was in alignment with having children I was in alignment with, now, you know, you did get out of alignment there for a little stage where you wanna to be back in Michigan and you were still in Seattle. And then you were like, I wanna be here, but I'm not, and you suffered for a bit. And we talked about that a lot.

Sue Bryce | So there you go. You're in alignment with your business. You're in alignment with your children. And, obviously, Dan, to your your family alignments there. But then you were like, I need to change.

Sue Bryce | There's always an area we can be out of alignment in. Mhmm. But I don't I feel like that's the area you should always work on. So to me, you were in love with your business already when you had kids. And it helped you, it would have helped you set those boundaries because you could have set those boundaries if you did not love it.

Sue Bryce | Right?

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | What did you love? Okay. For those that wonder what it's like to be self employed with children, what do you love the most?

Nikki Closser | The freedom, the freedom of time. If I was still a social worker, I would see my baby maybe, like, drop him off at daycare, Dan would pick him up on the way home, and I would see him for what an hour a half before it's bedtime, and then we'd have the weekends. And I would live for the weekends, how I used to it would And I'm not saying that that's a bad thing for people out there who are living like that. That is just personally not how I thrive the most. I need freedom of time to do what I want when I want with my children, with my family, with my business.

Nikki Closser | And it is I mean, it's just wonderful.

Sue Bryce | So something Nikki did too, everyone out there, which I really appreciate is whenever Nikki comes, flies to me, or we go to it, like, workshop somewhere or we're in Italy or, you know, we're in LA. She will FaceTime her boys on set working. Because she doesn't remove herself. She goes, I want my children to see me working. Like, look where I am.

Sue Bryce | Look what I'm doing. I'm on this amazing photo and I'm at this beach in LA and I'm with these people having this experience. She's not like, hi, guys. Mommy's at work. I know you miss me.

Sue Bryce | Like, she brings them into the room, and she was like, I want my children to see that I'm working. Like, I'm not there for 2 days, so they need know that I'm doing something cool, and they they would go, her youngest, he she pan the room and then a three year old would go, Mommy, can I see the model again?

Nikki Closser | Remember that?

Sue Bryce | And you keep going back to the model, and then you'd be like, And every time she'd show the model, the model would wave at him, and he would be like, like

Nikki Closser | Oh, it's so fun. It's so fun.

Sue Bryce | Okay. So something I watched people do over and over again, and I did it. And I do teach it. I always say to people, you know, when you first start, you're just so stressed out. I'm so stressed out.

Sue Bryce | I don't know how to manage this. It's all just so big

Nikki Closser | and I'm so busy, and I worse than

Sue Bryce | And look how important I am. I'm working 15 hours a day, and then people would look at you and not give you any opportunity because you just sound stressed out and ridiculous. And instead, it was like, look what I'm building. Look what I'm creating. Look what I'm learning.

Sue Bryce | Look what I made this week. Look what I designed. What I broke through, look what I connected to, look what I learned, look what I'm becoming. We're all just so, like, scared. And, you know, and it's all what we don't have.

Sue Bryce | So for me, I want to work in a way that I am so in alignment with what I love doing Mhmm. With the and so the the 3 most important things that you engage with work is who you work with.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Don't we

Nikki Closser | know that's the truth?

Sue Bryce | Who you work for is number 2 and what you create is number 3. Money is number 9 on the list. There are literally 5 more steps before we get to what we value as money. But those first 3, who you work with, who you work for, and what you create If you're not in alignment with those three things in your career, your side hustle, your business, then, you absolutely will not thrive to start there in your daily ritual every single day, filling yourself up with that. And also education, let's just talk about that online now.

Sue Bryce | You can learn anything.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Anything from the comfort of your home.

Nikki Closser | Yes.

Sue Bryce | And education does not stop you. Mastery is where it's at, like finding mastery in your emotional intelligence, finding mastery in money management, then finding mastery in yourself, is the greatest thing that you can absolutely do I believe now that people can build businesses and have amazing careers in my network because they saw me do it. And that it's it's just permission. Like, I think you just give people permission. You do it, and then they have permission.

Sue Bryce | So many people said that they built these amazing things that you've interviewed in the podcast. And then they said, well, how did you do that? And they said, well, she did it, so I figured I could too. So I didn't do that for them. I didn't change that for them.

Sue Bryce | I didn't change yours. You did that, but I did mine. I changed my path. And I gotta say, as a woman, as a woman with no education, And as a woman who is indigenous also, like, I'm incredibly proud of what I've built. In terms of a career.

Sue Bryce | Children were not an option for me. And that's such a bummer, but I'm an Auntie, and I'm a godparent. Lots. I've got children, and I've got my nieces and nephews are like the closest thing I could have to my own kids. So my energy probably went more into my career, and I'm really proud of what I did and what I've built.

Sue Bryce | And I'm proof that anybody can build a business around what they love. So it's the part in me that I was like, monetizing people is the moment I like the most. I want people to have the freedom of not having somebody else control their money.

Nikki Closser | Yes. And time and not control their time.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And just to feel free to be able to, you know, have your children or If you don't have children like me, just have your own space to do and be whatever you choose to be. Mhmm. And that's all money does. And work does.

Sue Bryce | Is it just creates an identity that brings an income that brings the lifestyle we want? And like I said in money, when we start to break down our, you know, thrive and and survive, you really can see that you're always just limited by how much money people are saying this is a job that you get this much money. And I just don't wanna trade money for time ever again. Mhmm. Same.

Sue Bryce | That's the big one, but I think that's next level business. All businesses start off trading money for time. I've got 3 friends that have come to me in the last 2 years with a business pitch. So that they can go full time into their business. And all of them said exactly the same thing for me.

Sue Bryce | I told this person, and they said, oh, you're just trading money for time. All businesses trade money for time. You can't get to a play where you're trading no money for no time until you've learned how to trade money for time because that's the first metric in which you learn how to get equal exchange. You give something. It's this much money back.

Sue Bryce | That's simple. Mhmm. And it's this amount of time. So I feel now, that I I always said it. I said it on stage if I was given an opportunity to write just one little workshop out of all of the areas that we work on, What's that one area that I would like to expand on that is becoming self employed?

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Because there's something about the power of monetizing yourself, Nikki, that makes me feel like nobody controls me. Nobody owns me. Nobody tells me how much money I can spend or what I do with my day. Mhmm. And as a woman, I feel like there's like the It's like the keys to the kingdom.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Nobody can take this away from me. Nobody can say you can't have this anymore or control me with it. It's mine. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I mean, I can't even know. I've got goosebumps saying it. I didn't even know that I am communicating what that means to me and my freedom.

Nikki Closser | Well, there's that joy piece too, though, Sue. Like, you know how I was when as a social worker, I would just Sunday would come and I would have full blownings. I had one day of the week that I felt good and that was Saturday.

Sue Bryce | You guys

Nikki Closser | Sunday, I knew I had to work. Yes. Sunday, I knew I had to work on Monday. So my anxiety was high. Now for people who love their day jobs, this could be very different.

Nikki Closser | You know, it's just there's something about being able to create your schedule. And sure, it's fun. You get to do extra fun things on the weekend, but I don't dread Mondays anymore. I don't

Sue Bryce | remember your you'd count the holiday to the next holiday?

Nikki Closser | Oh, yeah. I would count down. I even had summers off. I was a school social worker. I had 2 I had 8 weeks off.

Nikki Closser | And I would be, like, 62 days until I have to go back. Like, it was doomsday. And it's not even like it was a horrible job. I loved it for a long time, but even when I loved it, I still counted down the days.

Sue Bryce | Alright. It's just wild. And I think what's wild though is that you actually are in a completely different world than that. Like, going to school every day and that, like, you're in a, like, what you chose to do. Like, I feel like a lot of people might see that and think, did you know?

Sue Bryce | Did you know you wanted to be a photographer? You were a social worker. Like, how did you get from social work to photography?

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | How did you?

Nikki Closser | I saw a friend doing it on Facebook. And Dan Dan rides BMX, and he needed he was sponsored by a clothing company. He had a nice camera. Yeah. He had a nice camera.

Nikki Closser | And he needed photos of himself in his t shirt. And I was like, and I always love taking photos. When I traveled the world, on my summers off. I had my little point shoot, and I thought I was pretty good. Who knows?

Nikki Closser | Anyway, I took photos with his camera of himself, and I'm like, I did a pretty good job. And then I saw my friend building her business through Facebook, a photography business, and it just clicked. I was like, that's what I'm gonna do.

Sue Bryce | Does she still have a photography business?

Nikki Closser | Not really. No.

Sue Bryce | Interesting. That's so cool. I mean, you saw it, and then you're like, I'm gonna do that. And we would've met that following year.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. It took me I let's see. I built the business for that 1st year while I was full time as a social worker, then I went down to part time as a social worker. And then the following school year, I was and then I was done. And then I just was full time photographer.

Sue Bryce | And then you the 4th year, you were pregnant.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Yes. That's exactly right. That's exactly right. Again.

Nikki Closser | Yeah.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. So it doesn't really matter how I think what watch, order you do things, but you can find your way through it anytime. But I'm going to always be the person that if, like, you know, when I first started to teach 12 years ago, I made a lot of men uncomfortable back then. Because I'm like, ladies, monetize the ladies because I just found too many women not in charge of their money. Right.

Sue Bryce | And I felt like they were really disempowered around money. They didn't have control over it. And even the ones that had an open dialogue with their spouse around money still didn't have any control over it. So when you don't have any control over money, it you know, somebody else disempowers you. So for me, this segment is always about monetizing through work career business side hustle, but I would like people to look at our careers and just to understand how much we've built our careers around truly the dream of working at home.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Like, I'm not lying when people people say to me all the time, walk me through your day. And I'm like, oh, okay. Because for the last 10 years, I have worked at home, and I never want to go out to work again. I wanna do all my work here like this all day every day and balance my life this way.

Sue Bryce | And It's extraordinary. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | Something that you've always said consistently to people is kind of this, like, make it work Like, there's always a way.

Sue Bryce | Find a way.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Find a

Sue Bryce | way to make it work.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. And it's you know, and everyone has what they want there you know, dream to be in their day to look like. And what that whatever that is, you always say, find a way to make it work. And it it There is always a way.

Sue Bryce | There is a way. And, you know, sometimes in your Thrive budget, when you do that, you got your survival budget and your Thrive budget, write a budget that includes you not working. Just try it. Write a budget that says if I was not working, what would I need? And if I was working, but only this earth, or how much money would I need to generate in my life to have this dream life and run a multiverse scenario on paper.

Sue Bryce | Well, in my dream universe, I sell something online, maybe, or I take one client per month, and I charge that extra price, that extra charge, and then write it out. Like literally write it out like a plan. And when you write it out and you go, that actually could work. If I could just get a flow of $600 a week into my life on side hustle, I could have that life. And if it's I don't know how that's gonna work, then it's not congruent to what could happen in your life anyway.

Sue Bryce | It's way like I want a $1,000,000 a week. But we all do. Right. But, yeah, that would be great. So make something that's gonna sell a 1,000,000, you know, dollars a week, but It's that easy.

Sue Bryce | Like, write it out. Mhmm. You can't see past your own emotional response, and you certainly can't see past any no option area of your life. So if there's any area of your life right now, love, money, or think that feels like there's no option, somebody else is in control, then that's gonna feel really, really hard to move from. But if you write out that dream scenario, just write it out.

Sue Bryce | How much money How much money is flowing into your life? What are you doing with your day? What are you making? Who do you work with? What are you making?

Sue Bryce | And who do you work for? What are you making? What do you do every day? Where do you go? Who with?

Sue Bryce | You know, like, really write it out because when you do, you're kinda like, I want this. I want this and I want this. I was working in a portrait studio that was making nearly a $1,000,000 turnover, and I wanted to die. Like, die. I I I knew if I didn't leave, I was gonna die, and I couldn't explain it.

Sue Bryce | I felt creatively like I was gonna die. It I was in my 8th year. I didn't wanna do it anymore. And then, I had a great conversation with Terry Hoffman recently who's just read a book about how creatively we go through a 7 year cycle.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I am there.

Sue Bryce | And I totally did that 7 year cycle the 1st year. It said 8 years, but that 1st year I was really just like trying to survive. I wasn't really in business until 2000 and 1. By 2008, I'd completed 7 years of growth. And I had built this extraordinary business, and I'd built this profitable business, hated going there, I was dead inside.

Sue Bryce | I got a pen and a Sharpie. I went to a cafe, and I wrote, I just wanna I want to do photo shoots that I wanna do and then have people pay to watch online. I wrote down.

Nikki Closser | I I know what your list look like because I know your lists and I know how you write them and everything. It's so awesome.

Sue Bryce | And I totally wrote that down and I told, like, four people, five people, and they just went like this, like, sure, you do. Yeah. Okay. And it took me a few years to work out that those were their limits, not my limits. But when I really wrote that down, I remember writing it from a place of stuck.

Sue Bryce | And Mhmm. I just wanna be free. Like, I was like, I just want cock. Like, I wrote it with the pen like that, you know, like Yeah. Scrounging the paper.

Sue Bryce | Like, because I couldn't just create that for myself. I didn't know how to just create that for myself. And that's the irony. We have the power to create whatever we want We're creating it already. We're creating what we already believe we're worth.

Sue Bryce | So change your thoughts, change your voice, and watch what you really want to start come to fruition. Start walking the multi boy verse of possibilities in your own mind first because until you free your mind your body won't follow. Mhmm. You know, and the universe will provide exactly what you ask for. So if you ask for just enough to pay rent.

Sue Bryce | If you ask for just enough, just enough is coming to you. And when you start asking for more, you start getting more. And that's that's true. Right? And never again will you be without

Nikki Closser | What I ask for now and you know this. What I ask for now is on such a greater, bigger scale than what I used to ask for before. It's It it if I compare the difference, it's it's remarkable. Yeah. And that that cycle that you and Terry were talking about the 7 years, it is so accurate me because I did the social thing.

Nikki Closser | I didn't know how to get out of social work, so memory started a nonprofit. So I started a nonprofit of more social work, so that wasn't gonna work. And you did that for the years? No. Well, no.

Nikki Closser | It was part of my I was trying to get out of social work. Then I ended up Starting the photography business, after 7, 8 years, I started thinking, like, the social work part of me came back. I wanna help people, so I started teaching photography. And and that act, like, gave me this new creative outlet and still shooting clients as well, but and then I'm to the point now where I'm like, Well, what else could I do? And then, of course, I started my real estate business.

Nikki Closser | I'm still a photographer and I still teach photography. And now I'm investing in real estate. It's like this 7 year cycle.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. It is. And you don't interchange identity. That's the whole point. Like, I've been a photographer for 33 years.

Sue Bryce | I have not photographed a client for the last 2 because I wrote self value but that's okay. I was like, I still photographed. I just didn't see a client in photographs. And even now, I'm at the point now where I only photograph ex clients now. I don't take new clients anyway, but I'm like, I'm still a photographer.

Sue Bryce | I I don't get my identity T. Solley from being a photographer. I'm an educator and online educator. And I think maybe my people probably wanna put me in that box, and I'm okay with it. Like, if people say she's an educator, an online educator, I'll be like, yes.

Sue Bryce | I am. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I

Nikki Closser | am. Once you do something once, you know your superpower, you know what to do. Transitioning it into the next thing, it just makes that next thing so much easier to do because you've done it. It's just doing it again.

Sue Bryce | Evidance. Yes. Also, what are the cycles of business? What are the cycles of business? First, we learn first, we learn that we have to have a product of value You reinvent that a billion times.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Then you have to have an offer of value. You'll reinvent that a billion times, right? A billion times. Then once you learn how to be valuable and give service and value and you've got all your systems set up, you're only gonna run that for how long.

Sue Bryce | So It's gonna take you, I think it's gonna take you 2 to 3 years to monetize properly. Right? Mhmm. In the next 4 years, you master that, those systems, and then I feel like you start to get bored. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | 7. That's just exactly how we Yeah. 7 is fine

Sue Bryce | for me. Mhmm. That's how it went for everybody. Mhmm. So then I was bored but instead of just saying I want more, I said I have to leave.

Sue Bryce | My identity was being torn apart. I'm a photographer anymore. Yes. I am. I'm just going to Australia to build an international career, and it was just a weird thing.

Sue Bryce | It was a weird moment, but, yeah, Yes. You were a social worker, then you were a photographer, then you were a business owner. Well, once you're a business owner, you can own any business. Yeah. Right?

Sue Bryce | Because now you have a real estate investing company, and you just keep going up. So the 7 year cycle is not identity. Everyone thinks it is. And weirdly, I was always told that every 7 years, it's like a life cycle. I was always told you change every 7 years.

Sue Bryce | Like, you know, and then I looked back through all that. I heard that too. Yeah. Fourteen. 21 is a big one.

Sue Bryce | 28 is another big change. You know, 35 is another big change. 42 is a big change. 49. I had a So I kind of was on that 7 year, so that also applies to life.

Sue Bryce | I just never heard the cycle with business that Terry was talking about. So if you look at that, Then I look at it like this. I had in the last 2008 till now is 15 years. 2009 when I moved to Australia to 2 thou to now is 14 years. The first seven I was developing my education brand.

Sue Bryce | The last seven, I was thriving in it.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | But I'm done with it.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | I've sold my business. It feels complete. That was my 7 year cycle. So when Terry said it to me, I'm like, I'm entering my 7th year cycle. My new 7th year cycle right now.

Sue Bryce | And it's self value. And I will build this for 7 years. You watch. And then I will you know, expand again in 7 years time. And so I think it's really extraordinary, but true.

Sue Bryce | I also wanna throw this out there to finish. I read a long time ago that the cycle of 2008 2009, which were 2 of the biggest disruptive years internationally for the economy and, you know, it was a big shift. At 12 years later, we'll be going through a similar cycle. So up the mountain, same view, different altitude. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | The 2008, mirrors 2020. 2009 mirrors 21. 10, 22, and 11, 23, and then 12 will be 24. If you look at what you were doing in that life cycle, where were you at with work, love, body, change, It's remarkable. Everybody I've asked is literally gone.

Sue Bryce | Oh, I sold my house in 2008. And then I sold my house this year and or I left my job and started that business, or I left And I cannot believe how many people are seeing the cycle of growth. So 2008 was very disruptive for me. Not economy wise, I didn't lose any money on the economy. I was thriving in business.

Sue Bryce | That was the moment I needed to leave my business and grow again. 2009, I went to Australia to start again hit rock bottom. I felt like I hit rock bottom. I felt like I hit rock bottom in 21. I was built this business.

Sue Bryce | I was underneath it. I I'd built it on top of me again, and I couldn't breathe. And that was just me needing to run, but I didn't know how I was gonna change identity, and I ended up telling It's just crazy, but my cycle is matching. 2012 was my big trajectory year. And that means my 24 and 11 was my building year.

Sue Bryce | This is the year I'm building 2324 hopefully will be my trajectory if I'm tracking. So check that that cycle because I think it's fascinating and I'd love It really is. In the community. Where you go with that? I could talk about this.

Sue Bryce | 4 weeks, Nikki. Like, I'm literally don't wanna finish this conversation. Manitizing people, getting people to a career, and, is definitely something that lights all of my buyers.

Nikki Closser | I've seen I've watched you, you know, anytime we had a success story in the community of someone growing their business and raising their average sale, all the things. I mean, you would be like, yeah. Like, just so happy. So not mandatory.

Sue Bryce | Oh, yeah. You teach people how to build a business, and they might fail at it. If you teach people how to monetize, with value, they never ever go back. Nobody fails at monetization. You only fail when you haven't monetized with value.

Sue Bryce | When you know your value and you can communicate and demonstrate your value, you are the most powerful person in the room.

Nikki Closser | Alright. Well, I know we could talk about this forever, and we do.

Sue Bryce | Oh, we will.

Nikki Closser | But next time is awareness.

Sue Bryce | What what a lot of people probably don't understand about us too is it's more than A lot of people don't have people in their lives they can have these conversations with. Right. Our conversations are not about other people. Our conversations are about wealth, and visiting, growing.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Balance and self value.

Nikki Closser | Relationships. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Yes. And I'm so grateful in my life that I've met so many people that come to these conversations because these are the only conversations I want to have in life. But just to know that if people knew that this was our regular conversation, and this is a conversation you and I really have without recording it. Yeah. In fact, a lot of people would go, we should be recording this conversation right now, and we're like, yeah, because these are the conversations we truly have I believe if you can't elevate the conversation, you should leave the room.

Sue Bryce | And I only want to talk to people that can elevate the conversation, elevate others elevate yourself, elevate your money, elevate your vibe, elevate your self care, elevate the conversation, or leave the room. Mhmm. You know, it's like bring it up. Bring it up because we want you to be up and out and living this beautiful big lie.

Nikki Closser | It's true.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. We'll have this conversation more.

Nikki Closser | Awesome. Alright. Next time we have awareness.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Now for the next sort of series, we're gonna go into a awareness straightaway, then we're gonna go boundaries processing alignment daily ritual. We've seen everything in every area that can trip us up. We're learning emotional mastery and all the domains of emotional mastery. And now we're gonna learn how to wake up every day fall in love with our life, process yesterday's emotions, reset the self perception, and start asking for more.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | Oh, I just got all goosy.

Nikki Closser | I know. Me too.

Sue Bryce | Alright. Hit us up on the community group. I love that group, and it's so great to be back in the group chatting with people.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 11 - Work ====
