==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 23 - In Conclusion ====

I found this the other day, and I thought if I could finish on something, this to me is remarkable. It's very common knowledge. It is a meme on, Google, and you can find it. And there are different ones, but this was my favorite. I tweaked it a little bit.

There are just things money can't buy. Alright? There's things money can't buy, and I love that manners, morals, In manners and morals, let's think about that. Aside from the Bible and what we're supposed to be morally good and what's morally good and bad, the idea of morals is your own internal moral setting. Your value setting is your internal one, regardless of what you were taught as a child, At the end of the day, your morals and your manners comes from respecting yourself and others.

And when you're open to respecting yourself and others, that's a very empowering state. And it's more the respecting yourself. Because when somebody disempowers you or disrespects you, you're allowing them to disempower you. And the truth is is that your most empowered state is to respect yourself, is to put boundaries around yourself, stand up for yourself. Respect, compassion.

You can't buy compassion. You can't buy respect. You know, we've got to teach our children on Instagram that it that respect lasts a lot longer than attention. You can't buy common sense and business to me is common sense. It's about resetting the common sense that is shown to you every day resetting your money boundaries, your money blocks, and walking towards them every day, turning a wheel, while you're trying to service, while you are trying to empower yourself, trust.

You can't buy trust. You could be a billionaire and not trust anybody in your life. In fact, that would probably be the worst time to trust anybody when you're a billionaire. Patient's peace of mind, integrity, love, these are things you can't buy. And yet we feel disempowered by not having money.

We feel disempowered by not having money, but the truth is is you have all of these which makes you pretty rich in my book. Right? And then beyond compliments and criticism, This is something I really want you to hold to. Take last year, take the worst criticism you heard about yourself and write it down, and I know you remembered it. You've been repeating it.

You're telling your friends. You bring it up in conversation quite regularly. Oh, so and so said this about me once. You rev you're reempowering that criticism. I know.

I got it. I'm gonna read you my criticism. I remember it word for word. I could probably even tell you their Twitter handle I remember it. I can't really, but if I thought about it, I might, oh, I can.

It just popped into my head. I was like, yeah, you read it 25 times because you know, Okay. Now take the best compliment you heard last year and write that down. The nicest thing someone said to you, when you were like, wow, that person said this nice thing to me. I like them.

Okay. Now, Look at this. Someone said, you take action. Kenneth actually said it. Somebody asked Kenneth what she admires about me, and she said Sue takes action and then does it.

She's someone I know that actually says she's gonna do something and follows through. And then somebody else wrote on my business page after one of my talks, you're one of the most self actualized people I've ever met. Now I take those 2 great compliments, and why are they important to me? Cause they mean something. When Kenneth said you're someone who says they're gonna do something and then you do it, that is a great compliment for me because follow through is such a massive compliment to me.

The fact that I actually said I was gonna do something, and then I do it is like the nicest thing you can say to me. And the self actualized comment, I wouldn't have thought that that was one of the best comments, but when I asked myself what was the best comment that I got last year, that was what came up. You're the most self actualized person. How, yes, I am. I spend my last 15 years actualizing myself, realizing myself, studying myself, learning about myself, the fact that that person set it back to me blew me away.

What a beautiful compliment. The two criticism I received was when I launched my education site to photographers for $25, $25 because I wanted to keep it affordable. Somebody emailed me and said, I think you are a money pet for people who just want to live their dreams. And I was like, I thought I was assisting you and living your dreams at the lowest price I could possibly give you, but it hurt me because he hit my self value, and the nerve was my self value was hit because it only hurts you if it hits a nerve, right? If it's true, and I don't want people to say that about me.

So it hurt me and then somebody wrote, I used to want to be subrice until I realized that she was fat. Single and 44. And that week, I had just gotten dumped. So there I was in my hotel room in New York reading this tweet. Everyone else in the world of tweets was reading this tweet to me.

It felt like. And it hurt me so much. I cried for 2 days. The truth is, is I was fat, 44, and single. So it was kinda true but the truth was is it it hurt me because I didn't want that pain.

I didn't want to be reminded of it. They didn't give me that pain. They just bought up an old pain, and it really hurt. And so what I did was I wrote down the best of me and the worst of me from 2015, And I thought this one I enjoyed the most, this one hurt me the most, and I celebrated both. And I celebrated both as the truth.

These are the truth, according to you. And they both affected me for different reasons, both the positive and the negative because they're both true. And it's okay. I accept the truth in your criticism. And that is your perception of me.

2 people. And I realized that at the best of me and at the worst of me, I could front up to that. So you write your criticism, you write your compliment, lip with it. And if you get hit with a criticism, see the mirror, see the bully, realize they need to elevate, realize you need to elevate, and empower yourself by simply writing the best of you and the best of and the worst of you in accepting both. You are both.

Now it's more important that I love my work than be loved for my work. Do you understand that? It is more important that I love my work than be loved for my work. If I'm being loved for my work, I'm in a disempowered state because my validation is based on your reaction to my work. If I love my work, I'm in an empowered state, because I can love and empower you through my work, and that will bring me money.

It is more important because your love does not transform me. My love for creating this work transforms me. So if I work from a disempowered state, but I create beautiful work and you all love it, that does not transform me. But if I walk work from a place of love and I empower people, I'm transformed by the work because that's the state in which I'm dwelling that will transform me. All I can say is everything I've talked about today, pain, the pain path, choosing your pain, everything that I could have showed you today, all I can tell you is self worth is for filling.

It is soothing. It is time you stepped up and just started to value yourself in all areas. Your service, what you're seeing, what you're being, how you're acting, what you're asking for, the boundaries around every part of it, you need to raise the level up, the service you're giving, you need to turn your service, you need to turn your product and service into giving. You need to give and empower. You need to you need to manage your state, stay out of a disempowered state, and re empower it every single day.

That to me is the most important thing you can do. You need to self soothe, speak your pain, You need to find a way to communicate your pain and not buy into it. You need to stop telling stories. You need to be able to lie in bed and soothe yourself because self love is when you are self sustaining. When you don't reach for coping mechanism, when you don't reach for somebody else to take your pain away, but you it to come into your body, you identify it, you wash it through, and you say, I'm gonna be okay.

And then you get up and you do what needs to be done. Because you are with that. You are with that, and that is so important. I want you to go and write down everything you want. No more and no less.

Everything you want from now on, there is no fear in your way. There is only lack of value If you're not getting paid enough, value yourself more. If you're not keeping money, value you more, value value money more, if you want more work, value yourself more, put it out there, reach for that courage, that confidence, empower your state, go out there, put it out there, break down the barriers that says I can't accept this, I can't receive this, revisit the money wheel, relearn, Read the blogs, read the videos, watch Tiffany's blog, get out of your own way, start walking towards it because from this day forward, you're going to value yourself. Period. You came here for a reason.

You came here for the answer. That's the answer. From this day forward, we no longer disempower ourselves from this day forth. I choose to value myself. Is that set?

Done. I'm worth getting paid. I'm worth having the life I want. Period. That's exciting to me.

I'm gonna leave it there.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 23 - In Conclusion ====
