Hello, I am Sue Bryce. I am a photographer, content curator and educator. I was born and raised in New Zealand and I've spent the last 14 years in the US um, teaching creatives how to monetize in business. I am a portrait photographer. I've been a portrait photographer for 35 years. Um, portrait photography taught me how to have a creative outlet and monetize into a business.

And then once I got into business, I soon learned that in order to become successful, in order to grow in my business, um, I needed to learn how to do a whole lot of incredible things, like I had to learn how to sell myself and my product. I had to learn how to market myself. I had to learn how to, you know, manage staff and pay taxes and price myself with margins.

And there's a million different things to learn. Um, but the one thing when I was building my business in 2001 as a photographer that I look back on now was I was doing everything in my power to become this little business. And I gave that business a name That was not my personal name because back then personal brands were only for famous people and you know, or designers.

And I was not, um, a famous photographer at the time. I was simply a portrait photographer, domestic portrait photographer. So I did everything in my power not to put my name and my face on my brand. I soon learned. Over the following 23 years in business, and especially with the evolution of social media, meaning that we were creating forward facing brands for ourselves, our faces, our voices, we have become the brand, personal brand has developed so significantly in the last 35 years that now for creative solopreneurs and entrepreneurs, personal brands of the future.

If you look at large corporations right now with big followings, we know that people don't follow brands. They follow people. You know, a, a perfect example would be the incredible brand of Nike. You might love that product. I. But you follow the brand because of, you know, the goats and you follow the, the brand because of the people that they connect to those products and the Jordan, and you know, that's why you follow them.

So ultimately now the biggest success that you see in brands across in the globe would be when you take a personal brand and then you take an extraordinary product and brand and you blend the two of them together. You know, Jordan would be a perfect example of that. So would Steve Jobs. So now that tells me that creators, um, business creators are still personal brands.

Doctors, you know, dentists, they have personal brands, now they're on social media and they've created brands around them, their face, their voice. So as a photographer, I have done two things for 35 years. I have photographed portraits. And I have photographed headshots for corporate headshots. And over the last 20 years, we saw an emergence of personal branding needed for social media professional.

Personal branding, and personal branding has overtaken headshots as a genre for photographers. So in the interim, I have built this incredible little business that makes almost a million dollars a year. It has eight staff. And it has a very, um, you know, low net margin, which means I'm still getting paid a hundred thousand dollars a year, even though my company is making almost a million dollars.

My little business is making a million because it's a creative business with too many overheads, no online products. This is all back to 2005, 2008. Well, after the 2008 recession, everything changed. We saw an emergence of online brands, online content, online coaching, online workshops, online education exploded around the world, and I was on that wave in 2012.

I recorded my first. Online broadcast with Creative Live in Seattle. The um, founder of Creative Live is Craig Swanson, and he was this incredible innovator in the world of online content straight off that recession. And he started to book instructors in the photo genre first. And I, um. Did my first three day live broadcast, which exploded my brand in the US and it took me from New Zealand to Sydney to then living in the US because my brand became so big here.

So with all this incredible experience of building my personal brand through that experience, I became Sue Bryce. I became finally the personal brand. I stepped. Out from behind this name of this company. And also something incredible happened when I left my business in New Zealand to move to Australia to become an educator.

I no longer needed a physical space. Everything was online. I didn't have the overhead of a studio. I no longer needed a team that was on a wage that I was having to find weekly income for. My business is virtual infrastructure, meaning I take contract employees and their specialists. They work harder, they have a higher engagement rate, and they're working really hard, um, in my business.

And when I'm not working, they're not getting paid. So, um. What I started to do was build this team of extraordinary creators around me, but instead of employing them, I created, well, sorry. I coached them to create personal brands around them so I could employ them as a contractor. So that I was not their only source of income and that they could get multiple sources of income from other people, and I was just this creative source of income, but I taught everybody around me how to create a personal brand.

My hairstylist left a salon and monetized. She has been self-employed now for. Just over 10 years. You know, my associate photographers, they all had their own branding, their own photography, sorry, brand, so they were all monetized outside of what they were earning from me on a monthly basis. My designer created templates, which I sold.

My staff created audio and music, which I sold on my store online, and took a percentage and gave them the rest. So I was always teaching. My team had to create a personal brand and monetize through this evolution, this incredible evolution. Um, I ended up building my own platform in 2005, and I was joined by business partners, Craig Swanson, George Vaers, and Aaron Anderson.

The three of them bought strategy, sales, online connection. Phenomenal. Systems. Um, Aaron is also a producer. Um, George is our relationships and advertising, PR, publicity vendors. Craig is our growth strategy. Sales. They all do marketing, and then Aaron was this perfect wrangler of people. Once I got this incredible.

Team around me. We started to build the platform, but the platform was called Sue Bryce Education. So even though we, we call ourselves the Avengers, it's a little joke we have. Um, and even though I have the Avengers around me and on the shoulders of giants, I stand, this brand was. My personal brand, but this is how you take a personal brand to the multimillions.

You need to start building a team around that personal brand. But first you gotta create that personal brand. So to me, when I look back through this last 15 years of educating and growth of building a platform and selling a platform in April 1st, 21. Um, which was also an extraordinary achievement to building a new platform, which is now centered around, of course, sue bryce.com.

My personal brand, I am a photographer of 35 years. That makes me a. Curator of imagery and I have created an incredible path of education and a platform in the photo space for photographers to learn my style, my craft, my mastery, my passion, my business systems, my business model. My business acumen and my journey, and that has been such an extraordinary journey, and I am so proud of that library and how it exists right now, and that people are still engaging with it and learning from it, and it's truly such a transformative.

Online platform because if you want to be a photographer that makes money, you're going to learn and see every resource in there that you can possibly imagine. And as I looked back in my career and started to teach well, people would ask, how do you curate content for workshops? And how do you curate content for coaching tracks?

And how do you create all of these products that you sell? Um, I realized that in teaching that I teach content curation. I teach my system of content curation and I love to teach people how to empower a personal brand. Now, this is what I find so incredibly fascinating because if I look at the sort of big.

Um, pillars of a personal brand. The first one is brand, and that is your face value. I am always going to tie a physical action to a value system within you because they go hand in hand. You elevate both at the same time. Your brand is your online identity. It's also the first thing that people see. But it's still your face value.

It's not who you are. It's really what you do. It's who you are and what you do for people. It's not who you truly are. I mean, your identity is, you know, is very much set into everything you do and say and think. But that is still your face value to the world, and you get to create this beautiful brand around you and then connect it with your authentic self.

That is what is so powerful. Authenticity vibrates higher than any other energy, even love, excitement, all of them. Authenticity. The truth, it is your truth, and it has such a distinct energy that you can hear it and feel it. So even though this online identity is your face value, it's going to be infused with so much identity.

If you want to build a successful personal brand around you, then connect who you are with what you do. And why you do it and make that obvious in your brand because ultimately that is your purpose. And you know, you can have many goals in life, but I'm telling you right now, the purpose that you are always looking for is you.

You are the one that you are building this brand around. You are the one that you are building this brand for. When you see yourself as the purpose to grow and become more so that you can share more and help and grow, you will see yourself as becoming more. If you are a personal brand, you are the product.

You've gotta work on the product. You know, is your product of the best value. If you are a personal brand, you are the content, you are the content, what you say, what you wear, what you post, what you teach. You are the content. Are you your content? Is it at the highest value that it can be? When you're a personal brand, it's you.

You are the story. Okay. You are the brand story. You are the purpose. 'cause it's your personal brand. So connect your story to what you've built and why you've built it. Connect it to why you did it, not what you think other people want to hear. Connect, why you did it. What was important to you. Maybe it was systems, maybe it was analytical, maybe it was setting up.

Security for your family. It doesn't matter when it's authentic and it's the truth, people vibrate with that truth. And if people dream of being free or being connected or having more love in their life or building something so that their children can break generational poverty, that means something to people.

And if it meant something to you, they will feel it. So connect to what your story really is. Why did you do this? Why did you want to be this? Why did you succeed at this? Your brand story will connect you to all of the people that want to be you, and you are showing people the way. So when you are a personal brand, you are the voice.

You are the voice. So find your true voice and speak it with so much authenticity and love that people can't help but being drawn to you. If you're a personal brand, then you are the face of your brand. No more hiding. Social media has changed considerably. We are not even, you know, over Photoshopping or putting filters on anymore.

We're talking straight to the back of our phone. People want that kind of authenticity. They want you to talk at any time of the day. You don't have to be perfectly lit, but you do have to sound good and it's what you're saying, okay? It's not how you're saying it. It's not what you are wearing. It's what you are saying, and it's with the energy and the authenticity in which you say it.

So get your face on camera and get used to being the face and the voice of your business. Because if you are hiding, if you are too scared, if you think you're too old, too fat, too whatever. I've heard it all before and I've said it to myself. It doesn't matter if you are old and fat. Find old and fat people just like you and love on them.

Just like they can love on you. Find your people, man. That's what I did, and you've gotta stop getting into your head about being good enough, good enough for what? Good enough to serve, good enough to teach, good enough to share, good enough to inspire, good enough to create. Yeah, I'm all of those things.

And if I'm comparing myself to other people, when I put my face and my brand, then I'm competing. I'm not creating, and I'm certainly not giving with love. I'm just competing and trying to compare myself to other people. And guess what? There's always gonna be someone smarter. There's always gonna be someone with more money doing something that you wanted to do faster than you got there.

There's always someone creating something that you think shouldn't be there. There's always envy. There's always people that are better looking than you, skinnier, prettier. That will always make you feel bad about yourself for some dumb reason. And yet, you know, at the end of the day, I didn't ask you to judge yourself or compare yourself.

I asked, what do you have to give these people? Because if you are a personal brand and you are the product, the content, the story, the voice and the face, then you better make something cool and you better say something cool and you better connect to something cool, and then you better speak something cool with a cool attitude and you better put your beautiful face out there with a big smile on it.

Because otherwise nobody's ever gonna see you and find you, and then no one's ever gonna fall in love with you. And guess what? If you want people to follow your brand, you want them to fall in love with you, to fall in love with yourself. This my friend, is the journey to creating a personal brand. It's about knowing your identity inside, falling in love with who you are, falling in love with what you do.

Yes, your brand is your face value, but until you know who you are, you just can't infuse it. So I'm gonna ask you some really big questions today. Like, is your brand, is your product? Is your money, energy at the highest value it can be right now. Otherwise this is gonna be a rocky road. 'cause you're gonna have to elevate all of these areas.

Are you in equal exchange being paid for the time and the effort and the creativity that you're putting in? Is it joyful? Is there a profit margin there for you? Are you getting paid? Are you getting work? Are you attracting customers? Are you joyful doing this? Is your service and customer experience the best it can be?

Do people love your experience? Do they crave it, want it, desire it? Would they go on a waiting list for it? Are your systems working? Are they creating income and momentum? Are they keeping money moving through your business? Are they getting you new clients and allowing you to regenerate and you know, replenish and balance?

Is your marketing rich? Is it communicating? Does it have purpose, connection? Do people feel it? Are people following you? You know, it's all about you and, and I know that you thought you were gonna create a business, but you are really creating you. And that is what is so extraordinary about creating this personal brand.

The more I worked on myself. The more I fell in love with who I was and what I want and what I want to create, the more value I put into it, the more value I found and the more money I just keep making, and I just keep making, and I just keep making. If you want to build a successful personal brand around you, connect to who you are and what you want, and what you do, and why you love it.

Make products for you. Make a brand for you. Okay. You're not making products for other people. You're showing people what you do, why you love it, why you love creating it, and why you are really good at doing it. That is what you are doing, and when you love what you are doing and you love this brand, you find your authentic voice and your authentic power.

That alignment wakes you up every day in connection. Once your heart is activated and you know what you want and your personal brand is opening and developing, and you are finding your voice and your confidence and your power, you will wake up in this alignment every day and you will want to create in this space so much so that going back to a job or a life that.

Stops you from becoming this thing, you'll hate it because once you find alignment, you cannot stop growing. And alignment is when what you want, what you say, what you do, your actions, your feelings, and your beliefs about yourself are all working in perfect unison and they're waking up connected. You're doing what you want.

You're building a business that you want, a brand that you want. When I built my personal brand, everyone said, you can't do that. You can't create a brand that doesn't do this or this or this. And I said, well, I'm not making money now. I. So if I build a brand only around the stuff, I want to do this one thing and I don't worry about the things you're telling me I have to do to be in business 'cause I don't wanna do those things, then if I make money doing them, then I've already succeeded by only following the one path that let, that lit me up the most, the one path I wanted to walk.

And that's exactly what I did. And when you listen to people. You get their limits too. You get their advice. Yes, you get their support, but someone can only speak to you to their limits of their beliefs. And if you think it's limitless, then you're only going to hear their limits. And that's something that I learned a long time ago.

It's okay when other people have limits and they speak them out to you. But those are not yours, and you do not have to listen to other people's rules and make them yours. The steps to creating a brand that is connected and in alignment with you is I really want you to understand that. You need to know what you want.

How do you want to star in your business? Do you want to, um, work one day a week? You know, what do you want? How much money do you wanna make? How do you want to engage? What do you want this to be? You need a clear vision. Then I wanna teach you how to walk the multiverse so that you can light up a true path.

I wanna show you a path forward that has no limits, so that just in your mind's eye, in your vision, you can form. An idea of a path for your brand, and you can do so many different paths forward until you find one that lights up every cell in your bang until you can feel it in your gut. And there are goose bumps all over your body that when you know that this is the path for you that you're going to unfold and the path you're going to walk, it's when you find the purpose in the brand story, which is you.

And it's when you can answer these questions at full value. I know who I am. I love who I am. I know what I want, and I love what I create. I know what I love. I love creating. I know what I value. Value is anything I love. I know what I have and I love to share it. I work with purpose and I build a brand around me.

I create products that are connected to me, that help people, and I show people why I love them, how I made them, how I share them, what they do for people, and everybody connects with that message. I sell these products in equal exchange of value. I make money while I sleep. And I connect to a beautiful personal brand that I wake up to every day with a question, how can I make my brand better?

How can I connect my brand better? How can I connect myself to my brand better? And I know one simple truth. As I lie in bed every morning, I will never work for anybody else again. I am a creator. I love to create. I don't even work. I create, I create my day. I create my experience. I create products, I create education.

I create a vibe. I create space in a room for other creatives to learn. I create an empowering environment for people to be inspired and to learn about craft and business. I create time for myself to be a creator. I create balance. I create art for art's sake. I create beauty. I create powerful energy. I create alignment.

I am a creator. I am a creative, and I get paid to do so, and I do all of that under sue bryce.com because I'm a personal brand and I know that brand perception is really self-perception, and I want to elevate both.

