==== Start of Transcript: Homework 03 - Self Discovery ====

We have video 3 homework, which is I'm becoming self discovery you know video 1 and 2 is all about working out who you are and what you've got. So video 3 is really about unfolding what you want and this is where it gets fun for me because the multiverse is so extraordinary, and I wanna teach you all the ways in which I use it. So this video is about walking the multiverse possibility to see what truly lights you up. And for those that don't know what they want, this is the moment where you get to really explore. I want you to always remember your power mantra, which is I am the purpose and I am the purpose and I am the power remember I'm the poison I'm the antidote, but I'm the purpose and I'm the power, especially when you're in the multiverse because you are the purpose.

And you can't walk the multiverse for someone else, you can only walk it for yourself, so stay focused on you in the multiverse. Other people can be in the multiverse with you, but it's truly about you, and that's what's most important. So there is no loop in the multiverse. There is only unlimited potential. There is no comparison.

There is no ego. There is no bad fill The multiverse is a place of imagination and creation, and it's truly of your making. So if there's a specific area that you feel stuck in in your life, I want you to walk the multiverse, come to awareness of what the different loops are because any loop is gonna stop us from moving forward. A loop is how I define self sabotage without doubt. If you feel stuck in any area, just look at the repetitive thought that's in there as the core belief.

So remember, you core belief is a very reactive emotional three year old. So if you're answering saying things like, I think I just feel insane, No. That's not how a three year old speaks. A three year old says things like you don't care about me. You don't love me.

I hate you. We're not friends anymore. You know, I want you to be really based. I want you to get to the core emotion because the core beliefs around each of the areas might surprise you. Let me give you some examples of what mine were.

I had a core belief around my body image that if I was slimmer and prettier, I would be loved and I believed this. I believed I couldn't have a relationship because my body wasn't good enough. My physical body, my body is just not enough or maybe you're struggling with illness or you feel unsupported, nobody supports me. You might feel something like it's not fear, poor me, you know, let that come forward. We hide those bad feelings because they're shameful.

But the truth is is that base emotion I always say is like a three year old having a tantrum. So don't hold back with you know, letting go of those feeling words, I want you to walk all of the areas in the multiverse and really explore which ones light you up in every area of your life. Come to your core belief and write it down because you know that that's not true, but the beautiful part is is when you take away all stories in the loop. When you take away what you're stuck on, all the old narratives, and you start to hear yourself say things like this to yourself, you're going to serve them, come to a awareness of them, and they will not be your story anymore because as soon as you identify it, it is done. So you're going to find a lot of things like, I'm not a priority or nobody sees me but then when you start to break down the core belief, it really comes down to I'm not a priority or I don't have support I don't prioritize myself and it keeps coming back to you again because you know you are the poison and you are the antidote.

You are the purpose and you are the power. So whatever it is that's dragging you down, you just get through it, find that core belief, and look at it and say, wow, this is how I used to operate from this belief. And now I just see it for what it is. I ask you to identify if it's a feeling of I'm not enough. I'm not good enough.

I also ask if it's a feeling of poor me, nothing works out for me. My needs aren't met, you know, it's not fair, or is it I avoid this area, this area terrifies me or frightens me or just avoid it. I avoid sitting the boundaries I need. I don't speak out for myself. You know, what is it that you're feeling in each of those areas?

And I wanna know if it's a feeling of being unfulfilled because then we're gonna fill it And is it a feeling of being disempowered? Cause I'm gonna empower it. And I wanna know if it's resentment or avoidance because those two things need to speak up and have boundaries set around them. That's it. Same with people pleasing.

Speak up for yourself, set boundaries, around you. Those three things are canceled out immediately once you start to identify them and start asking for more. I ask you to write a list of the 10 things that you can do for self serving and self care because that's what I did. And instead of getting into destructive avoiding behaviors, I would look at this list like it was almost a menu where I could choose anything on there and they were ten things that I really, really love doing and now they've become my self care and, you know, it's that was available to me the whole time, but I did not prioritize self serving or self care in this way. So it's gonna be good to see you do and remember that anything you chose in the past that you're fighting in terms of avoidance behaviors, that's not who you are that just stress relief that's misaligned self care.

So acknowledge it. Release it. It's okay. You don't have to get stuck on your avoidance behaviors. You don't have to get stuck in diet culture for 20 years just because you don't like your body.

It's not the answer. You don't have to get stuck in debt for 20 years. You don't have to get stuck anywhere anymore. So get out of your avoidance behaviors by looking at them and bringing them to the light. You know, I walk the multiverse if there's a conflict.

If I wake up in the morning and somebody's like, you know, having a go at me on social media or if I wake up with conflict with a client or conflict with a friend and a family member in any way, I take that to the to the multiverse. I imagine confronting them you know, in a place from a place of love in the multiverse, and I imagine multiple different ways of responding to what they've started or how they're how they're reacting to something I've done. And then how I'm responding to their and, like, clearly I'm also emotionally reacting. Otherwise, it wouldn't be stressing me out or worrying me. So I first get to this place in the multiverse where I'm speaking my truth.

And I know when I'm in the multiverse because it sounds like love. It sounds like I'm speaking from love and forgiveness. It sounds like I'm apologizing. It sounds like I am acknowledging my part in it, and that's when I know I have come to a place where I'm seeing this from a place of love. So strangely, I walk the multiverse just exploring future scenarios.

And in doing so, I come to this complete under standing of why I'm emotionally reacting because I'm speaking it out in the multiverse. So I shift my responses and I try different responses. I try speaking my anger. I try. And then I realize I'm speaking my anger, this sounds one-sided.

This sounds like blame instead of acknowledging my part in it, apologizing for my part in it. And the craziest thing starts to happen as you're in the multiverse coming to a place of peace in your own thinking and feeling around the situation the energy dissipated in real time, I would come back and think, right now I need to email this person, call this person, speak to this person, talk to this person, apologize and get them to this place. And by the time I've called them, the energy's already dissipated. Because it's like it was dealt with energetically. I just focus my mind on imagining a story I changed the story.

I changed the ending. It's like sliding doors. You can change the path at any time, and it's quite easy to master. In fact, I'm kind of a assessed with it because instead of getting into a negative mindset like I used to get into or fighting my avoidance behaviors, which was always food, then I now just obsessed with focusing my mind in the multiverse on the possibility as a creator And when I focus on creating in the multiverse, well, that's what I've been doing for the last 23 years. That's how I have created my business that's how I've created the path that I've walked to get to hear.

So let's walk that multiverse of possibility. And before you decide to change any area of your life, first, just spend some time in this new energy in the multiverse. Imagine what it feels like. And when you start to feel it, That's when you know the path is lighting up for you. So walk the multiverse for solutions, walk the multiverse for conflict, for love, to return to love, walk the multiverse for business, walk it for your body image, you know, your body image is our thoughts and feelings about our bodies, mostly influenced by inherited patterns from mom and dad.

Right? And then we've got society's beauty standards that make us constantly grade ourselves on worthiness. And then whatever we decide about our bodies, whether they're good enough or good enough, we project that into our own physical bodies. So when you walk the multiverse in your body image, challenge the beauty standard that keep you keep returning to in in your head. Like, if you are look walking the multiverse to imagine a thinner version of yourself, you know, you can look at that physical version of yourself and say, is she getting attention?

Hey, are we getting attention? How who is giving us attention, who is supporting us, who is not supporting us, but the truth is is in order to actually bring any future to you, you have to feel the path. So I want you to feel the path, not imagine how you look. I want you to imagine how you feel, imagine how you feel about your body. Imagine how you feel about your career.

Imagine how you feel walking this path in these in these shoes. Imagine this path that you've chosen, what does it feel like? How is it unfolding? Oh, change it whenever you want. If it feels like competition, get out.

You're not in the multi you're in competition and that means you're in a loop and you're in your ego and you are not creating because competition is the opposing energy to creation. The key is to prioritize your most authentic self expression with your body, in the multiverse. It's not to imagine what it physically looks like different. It's to imagine what it feels like. That how you cultivate a positive perception of your own body.

You see it as beautiful when you let it be what it wants to be from the inside out and you let it move the way it wants to move. You let it be. You let it eat. You let it nap, you let it rest the way your body wants, truly wants to eat, rest, move, create. And when you connect with your body this way, you start to love it in the multiverse, and then you start to love it in your real life.

So I always say ask all those questions in the multiverse, but the best question you can ask is, what if I acted confident in my body exactly as it is right now? How would that go who would be okay with that? Who would not be okay with it? And I'm telling you right now, it's you. And what does that look in feel like, I think that is so powerful.

I've been through, I say, the quagmire of body image, with trauma healing was a really big part of healing that. I do need my way through reconnecting to my feminine self because I definitely lost my way there. I've done so much work on body image, but, you know, I always say if you want a deep dive body image, go to Terry Hoffman the reason that I say that is I really felt like I'd done so much body image work. And when I met Terry, she triggered me because Terry does a lot of work around the thumb, and that was the one place I was hiding myself and hiding and not loving. So, I realized that I was still holding on to something when she triggered my thumb.

Also, the thumb, the orange chakra, is the chakra for your pleasure center. So when you have feelings, that's the sharp credit that responds when you have turmoil or you're processing something hurtful, It's also the chakra, which is your pleasure center for all the avoidance behaviors that give you stress relief. So of course, when that chakra feels uncomfortable, you wanna cover it with yummy things and things that stress relief. But the problem is is when that stress relief becomes a boy and you don't address the emotions, you eat them and cover them up with that stress relief, then that becomes like a self abuse, and that's what I was doing. And, unfortunately, when I got triggered, I was like, oh, I still have some stuff around my thumb.

So that was the moment I realized I needed to keep doing deeper work. And if you want to keep doing deeper work on your body image, I love everything that Terry teaches. And I truly have come to love my stomach and what I was carrying inside it, and I no longer hide it. And there were many years where I would describe my thumb as being a big black hole and all filled with black tar. I would say it was the weirdest thing.

I had such a bizarre description for how I was carrying all this pain in my body. The multiverse is not a place of comparison. That competition, and that's the opposite to creation. So if you find yourself in competition or comparison, you're not in the multiverse. You know, you're just here to light up the path that attracts you the most and then you start connecting to growing and developing path and the multiverse and then you feel that competition.

But, you know, the multiverse is just possibility and choices and you have to really expand your mind in here. I I did touch on this. I got stuck in the multiverse at first. Because my everyday life was so different than my life and the multiverse that what would happen was instead of sitting boundaries and addressing my emotional self and speaking up for myself and processing my anger with healthy you know, communication, I would eat it and stuff it down, and then it would get stuck in my body. And I was in a lot of physical pain.

I was in a lot I had my gallbladder collapsed. I gained green in my gallbladder. I was making myself really, really sick with my inability to speak up for myself. So the crazy thing about that is as I walk different, parts for myself, I started to get stuck in a fantasy, and I actually had some incredible fan relationships. Some of my best relationships were fantasy relationships, and I realized it's because I wasn't connecting the multiverse to my everyday and I wasn't learning how to speak up for myself.

And that's why I'm going to ride your tail on speaking up for yourself sitting boundaries asking for more because as soon as you go into the multiverse and find a path that lights up for you, then that's how you connect to it. You keep coming back to that path every single day until it's in your everyday life because you're bringing it to you because you're so connected to it. I want you to go to the multiverse in every area of your life. I've asked so many wonderful questions and their prompts for how you feel. I want you to write more of your own and discover more of yourself in this multiverse with money flow, with your physical health, with your career, and with your business, you know, absolutely incredible.

Like I said, any conflict, any path forward go into the multiverse, explore different paths in your business, explore different scenarios of things coming in, working out a different way. Explore having staff. It doesn't matter. It's just imagination and thought, and then you'll just see things that's It's amazing when you start, because a lot of people think it's visual, as I said in the main video, but, you know, it's not. It's more feeling than anything.

So, I've spent my career developing my path forward, especially the last 23 years, I also believe you can walk many, many futures. You can reinvent yourself whenever you want. There are no roles, but just remember that mastery for anything. If you want to get to the top of your field, mastery takes time, 10000 hours. And the only reason The only way to mastery is certainty and conviction clarity around what you want.

You feel certainty and conviction towards getting it, walking that path, there's a commitment and honor to the self and there's a connection to having it because that gets you showing up every single day. So if you don't have a path forward that's lit up, you can't walk that, you can't connect to it, and you certainly can't empower it. That's why we're in the multiverse. Try not to limit your thoughts. Although at first, there'll be a lot of comparison, also understand the thought of having some thing.

Like, I want to be a photographer, for instance, noun. I want to be a photographer. That's a that's a title. And that comes with a whole lot of thought. Like, I'll be respected.

I'll be this. I'll be paid. I'll be self employed. Whatever that is, but that's still a noun that just a naming word. I wanna be a photographer, and I want to photograph people in this way.

That's a verb right, the doing of it. And as soon as you see those 2 things, you realize that they're actually 2 different things, wanting something, and then wanting the path to it. And this is the key to manifestation. So listen up. So I want this and then the process of creating it, how I get to having it, sharing it, being it are 2 different things.

You have to feel certainty conviction commitment and connection to both. Alright? Not just the idea of having it, but to actually walk the path towards it, you have to be in love with having it, and you have to be in love with creating it. And that's alignment. Okay?

I'm in love with the idea. I'm in love with creating it. I'm in love with showing up to this every single day. That's the magic. In your love relationship, you know, if you're single and you want to attract love, go into the multiverse but like I said, I got stuck in fantasy and and I had some really good fantasy relationships in the multiverse, but just know that in the multiverse, if you want to attract love, you just write a list, that love list, and then you become everything on that list.

And then spend the next month, year falling in love with yourself, falling in love with your life, falling in love with your day, falling in love with your future, falling in love with career and watch people line up to date you. If you're in a relationship and you want to bring more love into the relationship, write a list of everything you would like your partner to start doing, and then become everything on that list start doing everything on that list that you want them to do, alright? Because you're going to fall in love yourself, your life, your day, them again, your future, your career, and they will follow you around. Or your relationship will love away, but it never has to be painful. Remember, no one brings anything to you, so wanting more love from your partner or wanting our partner to love won't bring love to you.

Love does not come to you. Nobody brings love to you Everybody just walks alongside you with their own baggage, so attract someone who loves themselves and their life as much as you love yourself and yours. And YouTube will be an amazing couple. If you want to explore reconnecting a relationship, a deeper love, a connection into a relationship, old fashioned, reawaken, same thing. You know, the I I totally multivirst my husband.

This is how I did. The other day, I saw something on a movie or online. It was in a movie. It was like on Facebook and I thought in my head, my husband doesn't do that to me. And I wish he did.

Then I kind of fixated on it. I must have been annoyed about something else, and I got dark about it, and then I got on a little bit of a loop about it. And I thought about asking him to do it, but then I thought, no, that sounds like I'm making him do it. I want him to want to do this. Also, I've asked him before that got stuck in the loop.

So clearly he doesn't want to do this, and then my loop got darker and and and it formed, and I felt resentment. Okay. And then as I was cleaning the house, I was walking around in a little loop of resentment thinking about this and how he doesn't do this. I mean, I've asked him before, I'm sure I've communicated that and my loop got darker. Maybe he's not a fiction it towards me because he doesn't find me attractive.

Then I started to giggle. I started to giggle. I stopped cleaning. I went to my iPad, and I wrote this specific note to insert into this homework because you say I was just observing my thoughts, and my thoughts were going crazy. And I thought, look, I'm in a loop.

I don't get into loops anymore. Why am I in a in a loop? I'm in a loop of resentment because I have chosen to fixate on one thing that I want my husband to be more affectionate towards me. So instead of focusing on more stories and more narratives, that would have got me deeper into a a resentment cycle. I went into the multiverse, and I just imagined him walking up to me and putting his arms around me in this specific way and just holding me tied.

And I held myself and I fell into the embrace And the same thing that happened then that's happening right now is I've got goosebumps because I can feel the love. My brain thinks happening to me right now because I'm thinking about it same as in the negative. And all of a sudden, I felt this flood of love in my body. I giggled wrote this because I thought I just observed myself getting into a loop and breaking out of it. I wanted to show you how I got out of the loop.

So I break my little loop of the resentment, but then the craziest thing happened. 20 minutes later, he gets home. He walks into the room I'm in, and of course I'm in a place of love, not resentment, and I go, hey, babe, he walks up behind me and he puts his arms around me exactly how I just visualized in the multiverse, and he held me type. And I almost burst into tears. It was such a sliding doors moment.

I could have stayed in resentment, and I'm sure he would have come home to an angry resentful snappy wife that was secretly pissed about something he knew nothing about I'd gotten into this loop, and then I got myself out of the loop, and then he walked into the room, and he did the one thing that I wanted him to do So I got this 10 x wave of love because I already felt love before he walked in, and then I felt it ten times more, and then I realized he was simply responding to my energy. I wasn't trying to visualize to happen, I simply shifted my mind out of a negative focus, and I went into the multiverse to imagine that I had a more evolved husband that understands my female needs and could read my mind and who showed up for me the way I wanted him to. I didn't fantasize a different husband. I fantasized, I imagined what it would be like to be held by him this way in a future where he wanted to hold me this way, and I felt that love in the moment, and then he magnetized to me It's what I felt that drew him to me, not what I thought, but wait, if I go back one more step, it's what I thought.

That made me feel the love that he felt that made him magnetized to me. I responded in that moment by saying, I love it when you do that, which is a beautiful affirmation, and he said, Noted. And squeeze tighter and both of our days got better. Right? So as I said in the last homework video, you cannot come home in a place of resentment and expect someone else bring you to love.

In the multiverse, I felt it. When you don't feel love in your relationship, you've stopped giving love. And that's what we do, isn't it? We withhold our love because we think we're not being loved. So why would we make any effort towards you or Why do I give give give my love and you don't give in return?

So we stop. And whatever you think is lacking in your life, you have to start giving it Once you start to give it, everybody gets it. Nobody's bringing any love to you. Only you are bringing love to you and then you can bring love to everybody because you are love. Your homework is to walk the multiverse in all areas of your life.

Do it for your friendships. Do it for your family relationships. Do it for your self worth. You know, do it for your personal goals. I did my personal goals as well because I wanna reset my personal goals every year.

And I wrote at the top, which is in your home, what do you want? What do you love? What do you feel the most desire to create? Straight away. I went into the multiverse and, yep, there's my goosebumps, and I know that I'm feeling the path when I feel it.

So in all areas of your life, explore a new way of living that's in alignment with this true path with what you want. You can't afraid in the multiverse. You're not competing with anyone. You're not even gonna be rejected in the multiverse because you can't be. Okay, all it is is just possibility.

And when your mind learns to focus on creation and possibility, you are a master creator and you start to manifest that and make it happen because whatever you've been stuck on thinking about is what is happening to you right now, and that's how you ship the frequency into manifestation. It's alignment. Once you're in alignment every single day, you wake up, you reconnect, and you charge towards your day. There are many times in my life where I will be in the multiverse, and I will come back to to my waking now and realize that I am creating the path right as we speak. In fact, 23 years ago when I really started to walk this path, walk my self employment, find my value, find my confidence, I, saw a picture of myself, only about 4 or 5 months ago.

And I suddenly thought, I've seen this picture before, and in the past, I've seen it a long time ago. I realized that I was seeing myself now, but back then in the multiverse, the person I dreamed of being, And in that moment, I realized I have become the person now that I always dreamed that I would become. Oh my gosh. Because I saw it, and then I became it. And now I realized that that was the person that I saw.

So Whoever you're seeing in this multiverse is the real you, and now you can let them step forward. Enjoy your homework this week, and Hey. The most powerful thing about self love and this self love journey is doing this homework for me is changing my life. I really hope it's changing always too.

==== End of Transcript: Homework 03 - Self Discovery ====
