==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 20 - Stop Eating Your Pain ====

Stop eating your pain. Stop eating your pain. This is something that is so important to me. Because for years years years, I was unable to speak up for myself and what I was unable to do would speak my pain. So I would eat it.

Now I just spent the whole morning talking to you about pain. Stop eating it. Stop pushing it into your body. Stop it now. It's not what you're eating.

It's how you're feeling. It's how you're feeling when you're eating before you're eating, after you're eating, the state in which you dwell, I don't know why they call it weight watchers. I think we should change it to state watches. It is the state in which you're in. It is not the food going into your mouth.

It's what you're doing, why you're eating. Everybody has to eat three times a day. It's kind of it it's mandatory. It's survival. But it's the shame and the hiding and the not good enough and the good and the bad and the to and the from and the and the counting.

Alright? You need to stop torturing yourself about food. And if if you deny it, it becomes binging. Once you have lost your intuitive ability to manage your weight, you become a calorie counter. It is almost impossible to go back.

Now you know people that are intuitive eaters and the intuitive eaters stop when they're hungry, eat what they want, and their weight is a great TED talk about it. Bounces around the £15 mark. You can go up and down within £15, but anybody who has put on weight a large amount of weight like I did has gone past the point of intuitive eating. You have actually lost your ability to become around food, you're eating for the wrong reasons, you are overeating, you are over indulging, and you have lost your ability to have that reset intuition around food. So the doctor that does the TED Talk, she talks about 2 types of people, the calorie counters that will that will obviously yoyo severely.

And then she talks about the intuitive eaters. In the second you start dieting your mentality as counting, counting, obsession, food obsession, you stop being intuitive. And once you lose your food intuition, you will go over the £15 mark. I don't know if you can get back. I'm trying.

My body is already resetting its weight. Like I went down. I've gone back up £15. I'm trying to find her. An average I'm to eat intuitively, most of my day is still under control.

Now if you're controlling what you're eating, as soon as feel pain, what's gonna happen, you're gonna lose control, and then you're back to square one again. So for me right now, I'm trying to return to being an intuitive eater. After putting on a £100 losing a £100 resetting, I'm trying to be okay with what I have right now. And I'm doing that with as much self value as I can. Now calories are a science.

We know this. If you eat 1200 calories, you lose £2.2 a week. It's and do you I love it when somebody when you're overweight and somebody says that to you and you would kung fu, kick them in the face. If you could because you're just like, wow. Like, I don't know that because your problem is not what you're eating.

Your problem is how you're feeling and what you're not dealing with, your problem is your pain. So when somebody tells you just to eat 1200 calories, today, your inside body says that's not my problem. It's not your problem. It's not about food. So calories are science, yes, but emotions are not science, and your emotions are in control here.

And the second you eat, you're a bad person and then you fill yourself with hate, and then you go to your coping mechanism, which is to eat to make yourself feel better, then you get in a binge cycle before you know it, you've lost your ability to eat healthily, to eat in an intuitive way. You've stopped eating what you want, and you are binge eating. Now I love it when people are dieting. I've always seen it, and then they go, just have a treat. So you go and eat a bucket of KFC because ultimately, you think that's a treat.

I think it's binge eating because I worked with a lot of really thin girls, and that was how I started to lose weight. I just started to watch what they would eat and then I would try and just eat intuitively as much as they were eating and before I knew it, I just started to lose weight. And I realized that I was eating like five times more than them. But they were on the size 4 diet, and I was on the size 20 diet. And so I just started to watch what they were doing eat less, and then I went back to the root of my emotion that caused me to wanna put on weight in the first place.

And that was a dark dark scary place. So what I did was I separated calories I separated emotions, there were no calories and there were no emotions. And because I'm not an intuitive eater anymore, I counted my calories and then at the end of the day, I would say this. Today you ate 1600 calories. Don't bring the emotion in.

Don't bring the emotion in. Don't bring the I it took me 3 years to do this. Today you ate 1600 calories. Don't bring the emotion in. Don't bring the emotion in.

That means tomorrow you're gonna weigh exactly what you weigh today. Okay. Don't bring the emotion in, and then I would look in the mirror and I'd go tomorrow gonna wake up exactly the same as you are right now, so you better say something nice because nothing's gonna change overnight and they'd go, Well, I think you're kind of cute today. And then I'd be like, and then I'd go, today, I did because remember I've lost my intuition, so I'm still calorie counting, So I would binge and still record the binge, and then I would look at it and go today, you ate 3000 calories. There's a really good chance you're gonna wake up a pound heavier tomorrow.

Don't bring in the emotion. Don't bring the emotion. And then I'd look in the mirror and I'd say, what did you do today that you needed an extra 1000 worries. Like what happened that made you feel like you needed to do that? And I would deal with it right there in the mirror.

And then other days, I would go you've done 1000 calories today. Don't bring in the emotion. Don't bring in the emotion. Tomorrow, you're gonna wake up a pound lighter. Cool.

And so what I started to do was I started to disconnect the science from the feeling because that of hate, the one that says you're bad, you're disgusting. I can't believe you did that, how wrong is that, blah, blah, blah, that voice there, I could shut that voice up just for a minute to deal with the science that I needed to deal with, and then the voice of emotion had nothing to do with what I ate and everything to do with what happened that day. And if you can help anybody that's struggling with their weight, get to the core of what's making them feel in pain during the day that has nothing to do with food, You can separate their calories from their emotions. You can help them because the second I did that, everything changed. And, no, you're not defined by your weight.

You're defined by your pain. And when I look at people who are overweight now, all I see is pain. I look at them and I see pain, a scale will only tell you the numerical value of your gravitational pull. It will not love your children. It will not love your spouse.

It will not make you a better human being. It will not make you more valuable. It's just it's a number. It's an inches. It will not change anything, but you need to change how you're responding emotionally during your day.

So I would look in the mirror, and I would say today, I'm gonna wake up the same as am right now. And instead of hating myself, I would think of ways to love myself. I would go and have a hot bath. I would paint my nails. I would do something good for myself.

And at worst, the days that I was, you know, going over the 2000 calorie mark got less and less and less and less until I just keep losing weight and keep losing weight. Now, I went back to why I wanted to put on weight in the first place. You can also go back to when you went into debt You can also go back to when you got your illness, something that's been holding you back, whether it's weight, whether it's illness, whether it's debt, There is something holding you back. They're all the same thing. It doesn't matter what it is.

It doesn't necessarily have to be about weight. And also for some people, we're talking £10. For other people, we're talking £200, it's different for everybody. If it's causing you pain, you need to deal with it. And here it is, you need to take ownership right now of what was happening when that came back, and then you need to go back to when it happened and start dealing with it.

You need to go back to the root of the emotion, not the weight, not the debt You don't go, why am I, why am I overweight? You eat too much. Why am I in debt? You spend too much. We know this.

But what is happening that is making you want to do that? What is happening that is causing that to be the thing that satiates your pain? Because the second you deal with that, you can start dealing with the saving the money or losing the weight. Or getting the business, but until you deal with the emotional pain that's blocking you, nothing's gonna change. You have to ask yourself, how has this weight served me?

How has this debt served me Because if I'm in debt, I can't look after myself, and then somebody has to step up and manage my money. Because if I'm overweight, then it's clear that I don't love myself. I can keep attracting people that don't love me until I can finally learn that this drama will keep happening to until I learn to value myself and put myself forward because this way it keeps me safe because I know what it's like to suffer sexual and I do not want anybody to touch me. If you read Susie Orbrax books, fat is a feminist issue, written in 1968 at the height of second and third wave feminism. The first thing she says is the paradox of the overweight woman is she wants to be noticed while simultaneously wants to hide, while simmers simultaneously wants to be seen and wants to be healed, while simultaneously existing in an androgynous state so that nobody will come near her.

Push, Paul, push, Paul, look at me, don't look at me, help me. Don't help me. I'm a victim. I can look after myself. I'm strong.

I'll cover myself. Stay away from me. All I see is pain. When I see that photograph of myself carrying that weight, I feel like I was carrying bags of pain with pain written on and all I wanted was somebody to notice so that they could fix my pain for me. Can't you see?

I am in pain. And I was angry that nobody was doing it. And so much so much bottled up inside me so much so much. I have to tell you this story. I'm sitting in a cafe, and I'm overweight, and the girl walks in in a white scrubs, and the other girl in white scrubs, and they sit down, and they're masseuses.

And she's like, how was your client today? And they're right beside me, you know, Sydney Cafe, $20 for a latte, touch shoulders with someone. They're masseuse's. How was your client this morning? I had a fat woman.

And my, my little heart broke, and I sat there, sitting my $20 latte. And she was like, ugh, I just hate photograph. I just hate massaging for people. And I was kinda trying not to be noticed Knowing full well, I couldn't fit out of the crack and the table that they had pushed across. So I'm I was gonna have to stay for a second $20 latte because I didn't wanna then put my fat ass on their table as I discreetly tried to get past them.

And I so as I sat in my shame, I realized there was a lesson there. She said something afterwards which literally throat punched me. She said, the problem with fat people is they're so sensitive. You can barely touch them. And you could not massage me back then.

You can deep tissue mass me now, but when I was overweight, I was in so much pain. And I realized I was carrying that pain. It was on my body. And when somebody touched me, I felt it. It wasn't everything I was doing.

It was seeping out of me, so I sat and listened to the rest of their conversation. And it occurred to me in that moment that my weight, my illness, my gallbladder, everything about me was caused by a pain that I wasn't dealing and I was over sensitive and bottled up, and the metaphysical response to obesity is blocked emotion. Stored emotion bottled up emotion. I was unable to speak up for myself. I was unable to validate myself.

I was unable to validate my own emotions. I didn't believe I could value myself. I was so trapped in not speaking. I was just bottling it up and bottling it up and bottling it up and there it on my body exactly as you saw it. Now, imagine that your weight, your illness, your debt, whatever your pain is, is stopping you from having something.

I want you to write down what that is. If your debt, your weight Your illness is stopping you from having something. You need to identify what it's stopping you from doing. Okay? And right when you identify what it's stopping you from having, you then have to acknowledge that you are getting something out of having it.

You are getting something from the debt. You are getting something from the struggle. You are getting something from the weight. You are getting something, and it's something positive. Because here we focus on the negative, and the truth is it's not what you're not getting, it's what you are getting.

Somebody's giving you something. When I can't look after myself, my family step in and give me money, when I can't look after myself, I become ill and can't get out of bed and my family support me. It's the support I really want. When I can't store up my emotions, bottle my emotions, you know, there is I eat them. It's a good thing.

There's something good going on with your weight, your illness, and your debt, and you're not doing it because of the pain you're doing it to avoid the pain, so my guess is is whatever is serving you right now is serving you greatly and you're not gonna change it until it doesn't serve you anymore, because when it doesn't serve you anymore, you're gonna be at a tipping point, and you gonna let go of it because you don't need it. So you're stuck in your own pain. That's the answer. Own the weight. Own the debt.

Own the illness. You gotta own it. You gotta stand up and you say, I did this. I must want this. I can change this, but until you own it as being yours, not something that somebody gave it to you, until you own it, it is somebody else's, and it will keep disempowering you.

I did this amazing test It's called my physical body. Maybe 15 years ago, I went to this workshop and we lit candles and sang kumbaya. It was the only good thing I got from this workshop, but I remember it to this day. Get a piece of paper and draw an outline of your body. It's very important you do this.

I want you to do it. Draw an outline of your body, and you should have seen people can't draw, and they draw I'm like anatomically correct and doing all my thing. And then after I drew the outline of my body, the the coach said intuitively draw on the body, your illness, and anything that you're struggling with on your physical body. So I drew a layer around my body, which I called my fat pain. And back then, without knowing I intuitively wrote my fat pain, as a little layer outside my normal body.

So I drew a normal sized body and then drew my fat layer as being not my body. Okay. And then I did this black mouth because she said be intuitive, so I got a black crown, and I scribbled black down my digestive system in my gut, in my bow coming out there. So my picture looked like an outline with an outline with a black center and a fat pain. Meant nothing to me at the time.

Years later, I find this folder. I open it up. First thing I see abusing food, overeating over consumption. My gallbladder collapsed because I had overburdened my digestive system. Black digestive system, fat pain.

I watched this whole thing unfold. I intuitively knew what I was holding on to then. And it was extraordinary. If you do this exercise, please take a picture of it and send it to me, email it to me, with your explanation of what you're holding on to and then start working on it. I wanna see your picture, but more importantly, I wanna what comes up intuitively for you.

It's very hard to draw intuitively. A lot of people are like, yeah, if you tell me to draw something I can, but if you just tell me but I want you to intuitively just feel your body. And if you have sore knees, you can circle the knees. If you have some pain somewhere in your body constantly, draw the pain. If you have extra weight, draw extra weight, but I want you to draw out your body and see it as pain that you're holding on to.

Life pain that you are holding on to. I took this image in 1998, and I took this image to reflect the pain that we carry in our body goes both ways. We know this. I took this image because I wanted to challenge and confront people's ideas around food and that this has nothing to do with food and everything to do with control and nothing to do with being, 1200 calories a day and everything to do with being not good enough and good enough. I wrote a book, back then 1998 called It's Not About Food.

And at the time, I was really overweight. I showed it to somebody, and they said, nobody's gonna buy this. And I said, why? And they said, because you're overweight. Clearly I was looking for validation, so I took the book out the back of my house and I burnt it.

I burned the book. And it was called, it's not about food. And I knew that when I sorted out my brain and my healing and my pain, that my weight would simply just come back to a healthy number. And the same thing happens with illness. Ever since my gallbladder, I have not suffered an illness.

And if I do, I do not go to the doctor. I don't need to. And if I do, I address it immediately on met a physical plane. Straight away, I address it. I'm like, why am I holding on to this?

What does it mean to me? Why am I feeling this? Why is my body blocked up?

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 20 - Stop Eating Your Pain ====
