==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 4 ====

[00:00:00] Content curated video for Let's master the art of content and time because all content is created around a time structure. This is so cool to teach because this is where you get some really good light bulbs going off, and I absolutely love teaching people how to organize this content. So you've done your bones. You've done your bones. You've done your bones.

[00:00:25] You've done your bones. You've done your bones. And if you haven't done your bones a hundred times, go make and do your bones because Your bones is the clarity and I need these bones in order to take the next step. And these bones have to feel good. Like I said, they have to make you feel afraid They have to make you tremble a little bit.

[00:00:45] They certainly have to make you sweat. So I touched on this, but I wanna talk about it more. I realized the connection to content, not the industry you speak to, not even the demographic you speak to, like maybe you wanna speak to women maybe you wanna speak to business owners, maybe you wanna speak to people over 50, maybe you want to speak to couples, whatever your demographic is or your avatar is for your business, they really connect around these energies and all of the content that I've created and all of the content that I see online that connects really well is always around business. Money is number 2. Well, these are not an order, personal growth.

[00:01:31] So anything that you can develop self development, any personal growth, mastery, so that could be mastering a craft or mastering a skill or mastering a business but mastery is the main energy or entertainment. I didn't say entertainment, last video because I went through it and went through it, and I keep seeing business come up. Yep. Money come up. Yep.

[00:01:52] Personal growth, mastery. Yep. But I was like, there is another level of connection with digital products and online and social media and social triangles, and that's entertainment. And so I did put that there as a 5th energy. But the thing is is if everything comes from those five areas because this is where people love to grow and everyone wants to up upgrade their life, upgrade their business in life, upgrade their money, personal growth, more confidence, more self love, maybe you wanna change something about you physically, maybe you want to learn something.

[00:02:29] Mastery, always incredible because mastery is when you're so in alignment and connected that you're showing up every day and mastery is so incredibly powerful and mastery was such a big energy for me when I was growing and and doing my self development because I didn't get that education. So to me, those areas are really important because which one do you naturally sit in as a coach? Or a speaker or an instructor, or, like, I can stand up on stage and teach business. I can stand up on stage and teach about money. I do stand up on stage and talk about personal growth and business and money.

[00:03:12] I, a 100% speak about mastery and mastering my growth and mastering. Mastery was my journey for sure. And I do try to entertain, but out of the 5, the entertainment would be the least important energy to me, although they're all part of speaking. They're all part of connecting and coaching and presenting and instructing, but one of them will be yours. One of them will be very, very strongly where you kinda lean, and the others are really just overarching sort of vibes that you're bringing in.

[00:03:48] Which one is yours? Now when you get those bones and you've done your bones a thousand times and you've really just refined it, you've plumped it up You've trimmed it down. You've plumped it up. You've slipped on it. You've changed anything that you don't like.

[00:04:04] You've you've reorganized it a million times. You've reinvented the wheel because everybody does that. You probably ripped it up threw it away, hated it all, or you thought, this is brilliant. This is it. And then you woke up in the morning, and this is shit, and I hate it in terrible.

[00:04:22] And, you know, we go we go through all of these emotions while we're creating content. But when those bones are locked in, when you have 20 powerful bullets, I asked the question, is it a workshop? Is it a video series? Is it book chapters? Are these slides to a keynote?

[00:04:43] Is it a class? Oh, is it a series of classes? Is it a digital product? Is it a coaching crack because it's all of those things, and now you have to walk the path of whatever product we're about to create. So let's go every single bullet in linear order can be a stand alone presentation.

[00:05:07] That's how strong it is. Every single bullet has its own vibe, its own energy. It could be flipped, it could become a title, and could be plumped up that way. It could be a slide on its own, a card on its own, a chapter of a book, a title, a week of a coaching track. Every one of those bullets is powerful, and every single one of them can represent its own vertical.

[00:05:36] We created some templates for you and the templates around time So they're time plates. Ah, so they are time plates because at the end of the day, every single product via comes with a template around that time. So the structure for video is the timing around consumption and delivery. Let's talk about that. When we first started to put content out online, like 15, 16 years ago, when workshops were really blowing up we were just pumping out the most amount of content we could because that was value, value, value, value, What do you mean for 299?

[00:06:15] I get 16 videos. You know, we were just pumping out the content, but then we watched and we surveyed and we learned how people are consuming this content. And after a certain period of time, people stop watching. Now how many workshops can you buy with 40 hours of content and not watch them start to finish before you start to think I'm buying these workshops and I'm not buying them. I actually have a metric around that We studied it for years around Creative Live, and we watched people spend on average.

[00:06:55] $1200 on online classes before they paused for a bit, and that averaged out around 5 or 6 classes. So people would go, I want that class, put it in their in their cart, or I want that class, put it in their cart, but if they're not watching them all, And then all of a sudden, you have 5 or 6 classes there. You've spent around 5, $121300. This is 14 12, 14 years ago. So you can imagine now consumption and delivery changes the way that we're giving our videos.

[00:07:26] For instance, when you cut the fluff out, you take a 60 minute video, you break it into 3:20 minute videos and you give each of them a very clear title and description. So when you're watching or rewatching, I don't have to scrub through 60 minutes of fluff to get the information I want, Everything is marked there for me. That's when we realized smaller videos, better consumption, more clarity, more descriptions, better titles, nobody's going to spend time scrubbing through something, to find something when you can give it as deliverables or downloads or bite sized content. So you use time in your marketing. Okay?

[00:08:10] And you use time in your presentations you use time in your coaching systems, and I'll tell you how to use time in all of those because this is kind of, one of the cool things about the or organizing of content. So you use time and value. Let's talk about that. And like I just said, back then, we were trying to sell a 100 videos because that seemed like more value. So you can say I have over a 100 hours of video in this library, and that is a value point for a lot of people, but for a lot of people who are time poor, that's not a value point.

[00:08:47] How am I gonna watch a hundred hours of video? You just overwhelmed me in one statement. And what you thought was something that was, value point to sell just became a reason I don't wanna buy this workshop. But if you said to me, I've cut the fluff out, and I have created 10, 10 minute videos that direct you to the step in exactly what you need so it's fast, bite size, accessible. You can watch on the app, and it's on the fly then that value point is gonna be for anybody who's time poor that can listen on the run, listen in the car, listen while they're dropping off after school, whatever.

[00:09:26] Listen at the gym, you just gave people a value point that was more consumable. So when it comes to deliverables, you need to consider how much time people are gonna give you because if they don't have it, you just did yourself out of a client. Now video content is all metric around time. Let's look at it. 1 to 3 minutes is a real or a brand story.

[00:09:52] 1 to 3 minutes now 90 seconds for a reel, 90 seconds, 10 minutes on tiktok, 1 hour live on Instagram live if you have over 10,000 people following you. 1 to 3 minutes is a real. 1 minute is a real. Okay. The perfect reel is just under a minute.

[00:10:14] In fact, I look at all the big reels that I've gotten traction on, anything sort of overfit 1000 likes and average watches 19 seconds on those big ones. So that means if I'm not like giving a lot of my information in the first 19 seconds. A lot of people aren't getting it. And 19 seconds is a long average for your numbers. So it's always good to look at how long people are looking at your videos online.

[00:10:42] How long are they spending looking And if you don't have all of that awesome information in the first three seconds, they won't even stay for the 19 seconds. Have a look at how many people saved it and how many people shared it because it doesn't matter if you only get 1500 likes. If you got 400 chairs, that means it's relatable and they're sending your content out beyond your following. If it got sort of more bookmarks, then people wanna keep the content. And sometimes when I post, I can get 4 or 500 bookmarks on a post I know people are keeping it and coming back to it.

[00:11:22] So the way we consume is really important and that timeline is really, really important. If I'm gonna watch a brand story, I'm not gonna stay longer than 3 minutes, so you better make the most beautiful branding video so that I wanna watch it. And that's it any longer than that, and we are done. If you can wrap that up in 2 minutes, then you've told your entire beautiful story in 2 minutes. So many people that want to know more about you are gonna go straight to it.

[00:11:52] One minute to 10 minute is a promo sales video. One minute is the perfect sales video for your sales page and your social media. Try and make it as fun and dynamic as you can and stop making it look like an ad. 1 to 10 minutes is your sweet spot. For a sales video on your sales page, I would go more towards 5 to 10 minutes for your sales video.

[00:12:16] Okay, but make it interesting or give something away or give lots of information in their 10 minute reel in order to really get it to the next level. It's more like a lead capture video than anything. 10 to 13 minutes is the perfect TED talk. It's the perfect TED talk. In fact, when you sort of look at the stats, All of the biggest TED talks are exactly 13 minutes.

[00:12:43] They tell you to wrap it up in 15, but the truth is is 13 minutes is just the ultimate sweet spot, and it is one of the hardest things to do. Is to actually write a talk that comes in right on the perfect timeline. It's very, very difficult. And it's something you have to really, really practice. So 10 to 20 minutes is a tutorial.

[00:13:07] It's a lead capture video. It's an intro video. It's a bonus video. It's an instruction video. For sure.

[00:13:16] 10 to 20 minutes. Maybe it's something you give away to get emails to build your list. It doesn't matter 10 to 20 minutes. This is just about you. Maybe it's a YouTube plate is get numbers, to get lights, to get follows, but that is your sweet spot for any lead capture, 10 to 20 minutes.

[00:13:34] 20 to 45 minutes is craft instruction. It's when I can show you how to do It's a demo video. It's a demo product video. Okay. If I was gonna demonstrate a new product, if I was gonna unbox it, sweet spot for me is 10 to 20 minutes.

[00:13:52] But if I'm going to show you how to use it, 20 minutes for sure, 20 minutes to 45 minutes, if you're gonna buy it 45 minutes for a craft instruction video. 60 to 90 minutes is a keynote. It's also a play. It's the length of a movie, and it is the length of a professional keynote. Can you hold a room for 90 minutes?

[00:14:16] Around those bones? What do you think? So what's your subject? What's the first one you gotta break down and what product are we gonna make with it? Start at the top, write that subject down, circle 1 of the energies is this around business growth?

[00:14:36] Is this around money? Is it personal growth? Is it mastery or is it entertainment? Side which of those that it really is, and like I said, it can have all of those components, but what the main one. Now when you look at your bones and you get them down there and I asked you last video, is it a book?

[00:14:57] Is it a shop series? Is it a master class? Here's the thing. You may have noticed that you don't have 20 bullets. Maybe you have 10.

[00:15:06] Maybe you were struggling to get 20 and you're at 12. Maybe you were you've got 20, but you really think you could compress it to 14. Remember, right about now, you can start to develop your bullet a little bit more, but I want you to sit between 10:30. 10:30 because 30 is a lot of bullets. And if you're getting to 30 bullets, you're writing a keynote.

[00:15:31] I know you are because 30 slides in 90 minutes is 3 minutes per slide, and that is perfection. Alright. So you've got 10 bullets, you've got 30, and they're so powerful. You can't change them. In fact, you get a little sweaty and a little excited when you're looking at them.

[00:15:52] So if it's a workshop, one day workshop, I want you to know your q rating for 90 minute keynotes. One day workshop is 4 90 minute keynotes. So when I said, can you talk about this subject for 90 minutes? Cool. Can you talk about it for 3 days?

[00:16:13] Oh, that's when your verticals get really, really exciting because when you flip those bullets into titles and you start building the verticals, when you have a lot of content, when you have a lot of experience and knowledge, you just fill those verticals and those verticals just get plumper and plumper. And before you know it, you can, like, I could speak for a day just on this vertical. That's how I keep growing my content. So if a workshop one day is 4:90 minute keynotes, remember, there's a few little tricks you can add somebody else as one of the keynotes which alleviates you creating content, but then you're marketing and paying somebody else to teach your workshop. Why?

[00:16:53] What you need to do is have 4 incredible segments. If it's a 2 day workshop, you need to have 8 And if it's a 3 day workshop, you need to have 12. If it's a retreat, which is usually 3 to 5 days, a lot of those segments will be self care time or swimming time or writing time or creative time or whatever. So, you know, you don't necessarily have to come up with 12, 90 minute keynotes, but if it's a workshop, then what you do have to do is come up with something for your people to do four times a day for 90 minutes, even if that's time out. So now that you look at a workshop and you think about curating a 2 day workshop and doing 8 keynotes in 2 days, a 2 day workshop, that is a massive amount of information to deliver.

[00:17:50] In order to do that, I have to be physically, physically prepared I'm talking hydrated, slipped. I need help. I need some assistance in the room. That is a huge thing for me to do. And I don't think there was a more powerful way to beta test my content around the world to travel the world and get paid to teach work ups in every country to meet other, creatives and business owners face to face to have them feel my vibe and my energy.

[00:18:20] I made so much money doing workshops because they could charge 2 and a half $1000 per person and have twenty people in the room. I love teaching workshops. I only stopped doing them when I needed to scale up because my audience just keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. So a 3 day workshop is 12:90 minute segments. Now if it's videos for a video series, I want you to flip those bullets and really consider that if you've got 20, you need to start to combine some areas because 20 bullets for a video series is too many.

[00:18:59] And that's starting to look a lot like a library, which is okay. It just tells me there's multiple series in you, and you can't overwhelm people by selling one series that just talks about everything. You're gonna break it up into the most important one first, and the most important one first is the one that excites you the most to write and teach. It's that simple. You're gonna flip those bullets to titles.

[00:19:27] You're gonna create the verticals. You're going to give me a solid description on every video. Like, every video needs to have a description that makes me wanna watch it. Every video is gonna you're gonna tell me what it is, what I'm gonna learn, what's amazing about it, and, you know, what I'm gonna get from it. I wanna know So if it's a coaching trap, you're gonna flip those flip those verticals to titles.

[00:19:54] You're gonna start building out your Verticals and your descriptions, and you're going to do exactly the same thing if it's a coaching, whether it's 1 on 1 or a group, It's the same step. Flip those verticals. Get me titles, and now you're going to look at timing around that workshop, around the coaching, around that video series, is it chapters to a book? If it's chapters to a book, I want you to flip your verticals into titles, chapters. You're gonna flip your titles into chapters and you're going to write your verticals from there.

[00:20:33] Okay? It's that simple. Take your time. You know the flow of this book now. Because the bones has lay you've laid down the bones.

[00:20:42] And now as you write your book, every single chapter is just the next step in your narrative and the next step in your story? Is it a digital product? Maybe you wanna create a template with this. Maybe you just wanna create a little video template with something downloadable where they can work through it. Maybe it's an ebook.

[00:21:02] Maybe you have to design it. You definitely have to write it. You definitely have to edit it So you definitely have to make sure you own it. When it comes to digital products, make sure this is all yours and your content and then you're gonna do exactly the same thing again. Your titles are clear.

[00:21:19] Now you're gonna give me the most incredible descriptions that you possibly can of this product? What does it do? Who does it help? Why would you have it? How does it help?

[00:21:30] Give me some testimonials, and you can't do that until you beta test it. And is it slides to a keynote? Now when I write a keynote, I do exactly what I do for all of my products. I just start with my bones, and I put my subject at the top. And I think to myself, okay, I'm talking about business.

[00:21:50] These are creatives. This is creative business. It's about pricing yourself. I'm gonna talk about self value and money because I know that they are connected and I just start laying down my bones. I lay out those bones.

[00:22:05] I write it a hundred times. I rewrite it. I reorganize it. And then when I'm locked in and I've got 20 bullets or maybe 30, I look at it and I say, is this slides to a keynote? And yes, It's a keynote.

[00:22:20] It's a class. It's a series of classes. It could be a craft. I wanna demonstrate. It could be videos I want to film.

[00:22:29] But every single one of them, same process. So if it's a coaching series 1 on 1 or group, how long is the coaching for? Is it 12 weeks. Oh, I've done 28 days. I've done 12 weeks, and I've done 12 months.

[00:22:44] And I like them all, but you see, I'm now describing this content or this coaching by time. So if it's book, ebooks, and digital products, they have no time metric, So you don't have to worry about time. If you're writing a book, you can put as much content in there as you want. There is absolutely no time limit to digital products unless it's video. I want you to think about distribution and consumption, whatever you're creating a 90 minute video can be broken up into 3:30 minute presentations for online consumption, but in person, that is a straight in person presentation keynote.

[00:23:25] Like, just straight out, you're saying it all in one go. It's the length of a play. It's the length of a movie. It's the length the comedy stand up, right? Can you hold this room on the subject for 90 minutes?

[00:23:41] You've got 20 bullet points. You've got 60 to 90 minutes to speak. Work out how much time you have and divide it by how many slides you have. If I put 20 slides into a 90 minute keynote, I have 4 a half minutes per slide to communicate what I need to communicate. And that's how simple it is.

[00:24:04] Once I see the structure of what I'm talking about, and I've really got the flow down. I've got the clarity down. I know every point I need to hit on every single slide I know it's step by step. I know there's some personal story woven in there. I've put in a few little jokes just to try and alleviate, you know, I've made sure every slide is packed full of information or it's visually beautiful or it's captivating people enough that they're looking at this beautiful slide and they're looking at me and they're hearing the information and they're connected all all of their senses are connected, and I look at those bullet points and I look at the time I'll be on there, I divide it by that time, and I know I know how long I have on each slide to communicate what I have to communicate.

[00:25:01] Now, some stories go in here, some sort of funny anecdotes will go in here, but I know that if I'm going to go fast over 2 or 3 slides, but spend longer on 1, I can make up my time. This is something that you practice, but that's how you work out how long I have seen professional speakers, well, people say that they're professional to get up onto a platform that has speakers that are, you know, buying the content, a platform that I've dominated on. I've seen speakers get up to do a live broadcast and 12 minutes into, and it's a 75 minute segment when it's online. 90 minutes is the segment in a workshop in person. But when you're online, you need a buffer.

[00:25:47] You need an in out q and a, so it's usually more like 75 minutes. I've seen instructors start talking in 12 minutes into their 75 minute presentation. This slideshow is finished. They've gotten to the end of their slideshow too fast. They have spoken too quickly.

[00:26:07] They've probably not communicated their stories. They didn't take their time. They didn't flow. They've read through their keynote in 12 minutes, and all of the behind the scenes, we've got producers, cam ups, pre everybody's watching, you know, we've got audio, we've got all of this thing, they can see this instructor has just run out of content. And clearly, there's another 63 minutes left.

[00:26:33] And what can you do, but communicate to a host, they don't have any more content. You need to start asking questions. And that can't happen to you on stage. I mean, that butches you on a live broadcast, butches you. But can you imagine getting up to do a keynote and finishing your keynote 20 minutes into your 90 minute segment, you've gotta learn learn what this time is.

[00:26:59] I also would just like to say when you start talking on stage and you have epinephrine pumping through your brains. Like, it's just like adrenaline. It's like, you can't eat, you know, you wonder if you're gonna pass out, your throat starts close, you forget to breathe, you start learning your breathing exercises, and all of a sudden it's like you wanna vomit your everything wants to evacuate out of your body. Your stomach comes forward. Your bowel goes out.

[00:27:28] Oh, it's so fantastic. You sweat. Like a sweat that you've never really smelled before. It's kind of like, doesn't really smell like sweat? You don't know what it is.

[00:27:38] It's just this unusual, like, What is that? What what it oh, it's me. And I don't know whether it's just this like, your DNA, your body's way of, like, making you feral. It's biology or what it is and all of a sudden, they're introducing you and you're walking on stage and you're breathing up here and your throat just closes. And I swear to god, I, the first three times I spoke.

[00:28:05] I thought I was going to not breathe, choke, die, vomit, projectile, vomit, and lose or bowel control. Like, simultaneously public humiliation, but it didn't. I just breathe and I breathe and I breathe and I breathe, but the one thing after 14 years of talking, and I can talk underwater, I still have no concept of time. On stage on a live broadcast, that's my producer's job is to give me the time is to come up to me while I'm talk I can be talking to 3000 people, and my producer knows when they walk up to the stage, if I don't acknowledge them from this stage, I don't see them. They could walk up and put a sign stand in front of the stage with a sign, go to this 10 more minutes, and until I look at them and nod, they don't exist.

[00:28:59] Nothing exists up there, but adrenaline in what you know. And it's like everything you've got is just coming up and through you and through your voice. You don't have time to worry about, was that 15 minutes, or was that 20 minutes? That's why that timing has to be prepared. It's absolutely crazy.

[00:29:17] So This is the bones of my business class. Like, I wanted to visually show you how I created my bones because The beautiful thing about these images is this is what my table looks like at home guys. Yes. I'm telling you to write it in your own handwriting. This is how you create anything.

[00:29:35] It's check and scratch. It's brain dumping. This is creativity at its finest. Look at it. This is the mess that my brain is in.

[00:29:42] I get it all down. I get it on paper. I write it down again and again and again and again and again until I see the flow and then I see the systems and then I see the next steps. And then it becomes this, a list of 96 things, and I plump it up and I make it big and I make it incredible and I keep the flow. And I reorganize it and I add some stuff and I start taking some stuff away, and I see areas.

[00:30:08] I see themes and I see categories. Isn't this incredible? You're starting to see my categories form. You see those bullets form. You see how powerful they get flip them into titles.

[00:30:18] Now they're strong. Amalgamate some areas this belongs with this. Self value belongs with money. Oh, this belongs with this. Oh, selling belongs with marketing.

[00:30:27] Oh, I see these verticals. And as I start to develop this, I trim it down. I cut off the fluff. And then I start to see my verticals are forming, and I can see even how different verticals belong to different areas and This belongs to this, and this is more important than this, and I see order, and I see flow. And before you know it, it's just there.

[00:30:50] Just simplify it. Simplify it. You get the flow, simplify the flow, walk through the process over and over again, see each system. At first, look, there's 18 verticals. I'm gonna write a book with 18 chapters.

[00:31:06] No. No. There's 12. When you really get down to the verticals and start plumping them up, look, there's 12, there's 12. No.

[00:31:14] Simplify it, Sue. Simplify it. There's 8. There's 8 big solid business verticals, and they're the foundation of business. And that's it right there.

[00:31:24] 8. Because if you can't explain it simply, you haven't mastered it yet, and that's an Einstein quote, and it's not mastered it. If you can't explain it simply, you don't know it well enough. And it's so true. And then it's simplicity, and then it's foundations, and then it's like, these are the 8 most important things you need to know to build a business.

[00:31:46] This is clarity. Now I can write my book. Now I have 8 chapters. Now I have 8 verticals for a workshop series. Now I have 8 days, 8 weeks, 8 videos, 8 months, 8 years of coaching track, just like that, find your value know your story to know your value.

[00:32:16] And when you grow, you're gonna find your ego So we talk about ego because let's face it. The ego is coming too because whenever we grow, the ego is present, and the reason the ego is present is because the ego wants to survive It just wants so much to survive. And when it doesn't feel good enough, it over inflates because it wants you to change and it wants you to feel better. And when I see an over inflated ego, I I see growth. And I'm always like, oh, they're about to grow.

[00:32:43] Oh, that's so cool. I also see myself my need to be validated in my ego when I need to grow and I need to change, I can hear my ego pop up and start asking people if I'm good enough. Am I good enough to do this? I've only made, you know, tens of 1,000,000 of dollars doing this in the last 14 years, but am I am I still good enough? Like, really?

[00:33:05] Really sue. And when I do hear my ego, I take my ego to the mirror, and I just, like, I go really ego. What what are we trying to do right now, and they were just like, well, I'm just gonna I I just ran into some self doubt, let's talk about that for a little bit. Just a little bit. When we're not confident in in our flow and in alignment, We stay in the loop in our brain, and our loop in our brain is everything we think and feel and think and feel, and think and feel.

[00:33:33] And it's not that truth. It's just the voices in our car. And, you know, when you grow, you find that overinflated ego and you find self doubt because there's comparison, and it's just comparison. You compare yourself to everybody when you first start because that just how you learn, how to build yourself, you look at people, and then you compare yourself against them. It's called contrast and compare, and it's the way our brains are made, and it's actually a safety mechanism.

[00:34:05] But at the end of the day, comparison will kill you because as you're building and becoming, there's always going to be people better than you, smarter than you, more aligned than you. There's people that have more money than you. There's people that are prettier than you. Yeah. There's people that are more qualified than you are.

[00:34:28] There's people that are more likable than you are way more charming that have way more things. There's people that have more support than you way more support than you. Nobody supports you. Look at them. She's supported.

[00:34:40] He's supported. That's why they have what they want. They have what they've got. And that's it. Can't you see?

[00:34:47] We get stuck in that comparison instead of using comparison like envy. If I feel envy, I want what they've got write it down, make it a goal. If I compare myself, it's only to grow. It's not to get stuck in my ego or stuck in a narrative around my ego. And if you feel yourself being in your ego, that means it's ready.

[00:35:08] You're ready to grow, so let's go. You can leave your ego at the door of the creator room. Because the ego does not belong in the creator room anyway, the ego can't exist in the creator's room. Creating Energy is creation. It is the most godlike energy will ever experience in your life, there is no brain ego in the creator's room.

[00:35:31] When I started to teach, I went to the creator room with my paper, my creation pad, and my black ink pen, And I said, well, if I'm gonna teach how I did this, I need to know how I did this. Like, you can't teach something until you work out how you did it. So I started writing out my timeline, and I started writing out my bullets, and I saw that story just starting to unfold visually in front of me, my story. So when I told you, know your timeline, backwards, forwards, know it, know your money timeline, know your business timeline, know your growth timeline, know it, know it, you know, my story, when I wrote down becoming self employed and I started to look at that story and I was building that garage business with nothing nothing. I realized what I had achieved.

[00:36:28] Right there on my timeline, Oh, I want to cry just saying it. I saw the moment I realized that I couldn't sell my own work. I saw the moment right there on my timeline, the moment I realized I couldn't ask for money, ah, because the guilt and shame was so intense see, it's still right there. That feeling is right there. It's so crazy to me.

[00:36:54] All these years later, I can still find it. Shame. It felt like it was burning a hole in my gut. I remembered I would go to write stuff, and I would have cotton mouth I'd have cotton mouth just being able to say simple things like my name's Sue Bryce, and I'm a photographer. And I would cry because I had imposter syndrome, and ego and fear.

[00:37:17] I wrote out my timeline, and I saw, you know, the moment that I had to confront all of these things in myself, and then I saw how I did it. And each timeline just blew my mind. Because it was such a big lesson for me. And because of that, because I learned how to break through money and get through my shame and guilt of being uneducated and growing up working class and and all of these things were coming up on my timeline I realized I just in around me learning how to monetize myself and learning how to fish so that I can eat for the rest of my life that I have to teach it. I was like, I'm so connected to the content on my timeline.

[00:38:10] You can feel it. I learned how to fish. I want others to learn how to fish. I, you know, I grew up working class. I didn't finish high school.

[00:38:19] What talents would I ever have of making a $1,000,000? All these years later, I can tell its story in the same emotion that I felt when I was writing it for the first time. I hope you feel the same way when you're writing out your timeline. Look at what you've done. This is why you came here.

[00:38:44] This is why you were attracted to me as a teacher. You're here to see that in yourself. Look at who I am. Look at what I've got to offer. I'm valuable.

[00:38:58] I did this. I learned this. I know this. I can show it people in the way. That is just like a beyond a gift.

[00:39:11] Going back through your timeline is so you can feel this. So you can stand up in front of people and speak through heart. Speak heart. Like, that is real, but guess what? I'm none of those things anymore.

[00:39:28] I'm rich now. I say that tongue in cheek, but it's true. When you suddenly learn how to make money and then you change everything. You don't remember what it's like waking up with money pain. You don't remember what it's like waking up with guilt and shame.

[00:39:45] You don't. It's not part of my world anymore. Somebody said something recently to me another instructor, they said, when they first met me, they came to meet me and said it smells like rich people in here. And I wrecked up laughing. I was not offended by that.

[00:40:03] I grew up poor. I'm not offended by my success. You can't shame me for making something of myself. It's not good. So going back through this timeline, knowing this timeline, it meant that I could relate to people.

[00:40:17] It meant I could relate to people in mastery, So learning to value, myself and learning to price myself and my time and Minecraft was pretty much monumental. And it changed my life so much that I had to teach it really because I realized that because I didn't have that education. And I learned how to monetize myself. That was my superpower. So, yeah, that definitely sits right up.

[00:40:43] There is one of my biggest themes. You know, I see thousands of startup creatives struggling to do this just to price themselves. And if you've mastered this, you're ahead of 95% of the field. So free as many people as you can. I'm serious.

[00:41:01] Free as many people as you can, show them how to price themselves, show them how to value themselves, show them how to create products with margins so that they can get paid. You know, learning to ask for work, learning to ask for money owed, learning to be the face of my business, learning to sell myself, learning to sell my craft, learning to make products, learning to be sustainable in business, learning how to build a brand, market myself, ask for money, oh, manage money, keep money, grow money. To be a boss for work life balance because burnout is imminent. That's just because you're a people pleaser. Set expectations, follow through, set boundaries, follow through, learn how to scale up, learn how to scale down, build systems, bookkeeping, insurances, taxes, pricing and profit, cost of goods sold, packaging, manufacturing, production, customer service, sales, marketing, networking, SEO.

[00:42:08] I could keep going. Wait. I did all of those things. I learned how to do all of those things and more. Can you see all of these things are great education tracks individually.

[00:42:25] And when you realize you've done all of that, and now people need help to take those steps Do you understand your value right now? I don't need an education to make 1,000,000 of dollars, improve of that, and to teach and empower people, I'm proof of that. I mastered those things, and no one can take mastery away from you If you can't see your value, then how will any body else? Spend time here in every step of growth and achievement. Because that's what you're creating.

[00:43:01] Reminder, your story, your timelines are not a presentation. We are not here to talk through your timeline, yawn. It's not about you. It's about me. I'm the one paying.

[00:43:15] It's just a database of information to see what you have experienced, what you have learned, and overcome it's a treasure map for your students. And when you know yourself and your story inside out back to front, you know why it's valuable you know why it's powerful, then you can bring that value and empower others. There is no box anymore create the brand that you want to create. There are no rules anymore. Create the workshop that you always wanted to take.

[00:43:49] Create the business you dreamed of showing up to every single day and then make that content or that class or that ebook, or that coaching track, or write that presentation. Grow your verticals rate the time? How long can I talk about this? The verticals keep growing? You know, I did my first online creative day at live workshop 3 days.

[00:44:16] That's 12 75 minute segments. I basically showed everything. In 3 days, I let people into how I sell, how I do my work, how I make my product, how I get my clients, how I create my craft, how I grew my business. But even after 3 days of learning, people wanted more in August of 2012, I went back 6 months later oh, sorry, 8 months later and filmed a 5 day workshop. That was 20 75 minute segments.

[00:44:51] I broke it down. We did more hands on, more craft. And, again, people wanted more. People wanted more. So I took my pad in my paper, and I wrote down how did I coach 3 photographers in my business, and I wrote it down, and it was 28 lessons.

[00:45:16] And weirdly, all three of my, photographers that I trained in my business got to my sales average in that 1st month, so they all got to my sales average in 28 days. When I wrote it down, I kept combining the lessons and plumping them and amalgamating them and refining them and would you know it? I ended up with 28 bullets. So if I had if I made 3 photographers in my business and my model and my business earn exactly what I earn in 28 days, then I should call the coaching 28 days. Then I do my bones a thousand times I reorganized.

[00:45:58] No. This is the linear flow. This is how I did it. This is how I did it. This is how they did it step by step.

[00:46:05] And then I amalgamated it, and I worked it in a 28 bullets. And then I sat down and I went to the boys, and I said, I have a new class, and I pitched it to them, I said it's actually the coaching track of those 2 workshops. So those 2 workshops that I'd put out where I have 32 keynotes. So 32, 75 minute segments those combined classes made to date in 10 years, $3,000,000. 28 days, the coaching track to those 2 workshops.

[00:46:44] So the step by step, 28 days 10, 7,000,000 in 10 years. So 10,000,000 collectively from those 3 classes So you think about the volume I put out that first one, and you think you've got more? Yes. Because I saw everybody learned from that content, and I saw where they got stuck, and I saw what they needed. And I saw what they didn't understand, and I saw when they couldn't take the next step because the step was too big, and I saw that they needed more money coaching and that they needed more self value coaching.

[00:47:18] And I could see what they needed, so I just keep creating more and I keep creating more in my verticals group. Verticals grew and my vertical grew. And by the time I'd put out all of that content, 28 days was still my flagship coaching because it was actually helping people walk through each step. It gets better. When I flipped 28 days, it became the vertical to my own platform.

[00:47:44] So just like that, these videos were delivered every day as challenges for 28 days. How's that? I don't say I'm going to write a 28 video series. I said I'm going to write the steps it takes to master your craft and get to this sales average with my business model. I wrote 28 steps after I taught 3 people how to master their craft, those 28 steps, I could speak for 60 minutes on each step.

[00:48:19] And there it is. 28 bullet points became 28 headings. 28 hitings with 28 verticals, 28 verticals became 28 videos. Right? Just like that.

[00:48:35] The 12 week startup is the flip bullets of 28 days. That's how I got to there. You listen, you develop, and you grow, and the more content you give, the more you get. The more you give, the more you get. My education platform that I built in 2000 5 Superrace Education is the vertical growth of that 28 days content.

[00:49:05] It just keep growing, and it just keep selling. If you're overwhelmed, you're trying to take too many steps. Break it down. It starts with one subject, guys, one subject at the top of this page. It starts with one product, just like my pros and cons.

[00:49:25] It starts with one talk. Just starts with one class. And that starts with one subject. So get your subject, get clarity on those bones, and you can start organizing it into a product If you feel disconnected to the content, if you're trying to create with other people and there's too much indecisiveness, too many cheats, you know, too many shifts, not enough cooks, too many shifts. It just doesn't work.

[00:49:58] You know, chicken that you're in alignment with other people chicken that you're in alignment with yourself, especially around creating content. And the heart narrative of your story is the part that connects us to what we create and it connects us to people, and it's what attracts us. They story, their energy, and the stronger the connection to your content, the more connected your following is. Okay? So it's just it's that simple.

[00:50:24] Just because it's called a heart narrative doesn't mean that you're crying and I'm a perfect example of this in this talk because as I was explaining to you going through my timelines, I was crying. I am a heart led instructor. I let my emotions come up as I'm talking because I learned that when I'm being really authentic, and I am talking about something that brings tears to my eyes, I can keep talking, and it just made everybody in the room cry more. Because I'm not trying to hold it back or cover it. I'm not ashamed of it.

[00:50:57] If it hits a nerve, I let it come up, but it doesn't have to be crying. You know, emotion or engaging content is passionate. It's enthusiastic. It's taking action. It's laughter.

[00:51:09] It doesn't have to be tears. You don't have to stand up and tell a sad story if it comes up authentically wonderful. If it doesn't, don't try to tell a sad story. You're not there to try and tell a sad story. We've a narrative through the timeline that you're giving through the steps to action it's just how I did it, and it's just what I did.

[00:51:32] And it's how you can too, but you're just telling a little bit of you through that story whilst you're telling them how they can do. So I'm talking about me in relation to the steps that you are taking. It's about me but really it's about you, or it's about me, but it's for you. It's about me, but it's about what I can do for you. Okay?

[00:51:56] It's not about me. It's all about you because you're the one that's paying. Golden role. People are selfish. Remember this when you feel insecure because it's not about you.

[00:52:08] People are selfish. Remember this in your marketing. It's not about you. You are not here to get validation. You're here to give a service of value.

[00:52:17] It's that simple. You're here to serve and receive an equal exchange I'm telling you my story as I give you the steps to take to write your own story, I give many options on that path forward because I don't wanna limit people, how I did it, how I watched her do it, how I coached him to do it, what worked for me, what didn't work for me, I build content in bullet points. I teach content in bullet points because these are the steps to action. It's direct. It's simple.

[00:52:46] It's powerful. And when people actually start taking your steps and they see them start to create evidence that this is working, This is exhilarating, remember, to you, the synonyms of manifest are confirmed, declared, demonstrate and embody. Confirm it. That's clarity. You gotta see it, man.

[00:53:10] You gotta see it. To clear it, claim it, declare it to god, stand in front of your maker. Whoever that is in, claim it. You gotta feel it. Certainty and conviction demonstrate it.

[00:53:23] You actually have to do it or take it. You gotta do it. Take that big, scary step. You've got to do it. That's demonstrating it.

[00:53:31] You can't talk about it anymore. You've gotta actually start walking towards it, embody it, which means be it. And until you're doing it, you can't be it. Become this thing. Live this.

[00:53:44] Let's talk more about content packaging and time structured titles and descriptions. Because I just want clarity and it's all about simplicity. We make this too hard. And I know that you're going to work out how to simplify all of these steps because once we start to simplify our content and the step forward, we start to really get momentum. You know, I use time in my titles.

[00:54:10] I use time the way I teach Let me give you some examples, business, 20 powerful steps in business. Now I know I can write a keynote with 20 slides, and I know it's a 90 minute keynote, so I know I have 4 a half minutes per slide to deliver 20 life changing steps in business. Now if you were looking at a whole ton of speakers and you're like, this speaker's got a fluffy description, and this speaker's got a fluffy description, and this speaker's got a very but this chick here is like 20 powerful steps in business. And she's known to be one of the best in our industry that I know whose talk I'm going to. I have sat in presentation after presentation after presentation where I've looked around and people have only written one thing down, and it was somebody else's quote.

[00:55:04] So if you're putting somebody else's quote in your content, like in NASNIN, we do not see things as they are. We see things as we are And if somebody left one of my talks and the only note that they wrote down was in an as ninn quote, I've got a problem. They didn't even write my name. So if people are writing down a famous quote that you're putting into your talk, there's nothing good in that content. You know, other ways I've created time with my content would be like, oh, I wrote 47 blog posts I basically did a downloadable template that starts 20 47 blog posts.

[00:55:42] So I was like, you know, you can create a blog post once a week for most of the year, and here's 47 options. And I can do that as a talk. I've done it as a class. I've done it as a live presentation. I've done it as a downloadable digital product.

[00:55:59] Drop and give me 20 is my mark my marketing ethos, which is when you feel like you've got no options, you're just gonna drop and give me 20, and it's this crazy game that I marketing game that I play, a day with Superrise. Now a day with Superrise is a one day workshop. Fantastic. And you know what? I've created 28 days.

[00:56:21] I've created 12 weeks. I've created 12 month startup. Everything for me is around time. All we're here to do is solve problems in our business and marketing. We solve problems.

[00:56:34] We solve problems with quantifiable steps. Your presentations are your product. And once you've written a talk, that talk will exist on your computer or on your Dropbox and your keynote file, and they're really prepackaged talks. So I was at a conference speaking at a conference once So I was a speaker at a conference, and one of the other speakers who were going on stage this day after me, their flight got delayed. They come into the room and there's all the speakers are sitting there.

[00:57:06] Like, there's probably 5 speakers there. And the owner of the conference said I just lost a keynote speaker delayed, does anybody here have a keynote that they could deliver in an hour? To 300 newborn photographers in business. And I'm like, I am not a newborn photographer, but boy, I know about business. I said, I'll do it.

[00:57:31] Obviously, only one that put up my hand. I went to my laptop, and I went through all of my talks and everything was very centric to portrait, but not specifically to newborn. So I tweaked a couple of things, and I wrote 20 powerful steps in business, and I got up on stage within 60 minutes. So look at it like this. When you're speaking and your cue reading talks per stage, those talks are your products.

[00:58:02] And I never did the same talk twice. I always changed the images, added slides. I developed it a little bit more. I never did it the same talk twice, never once in 14 years. So I did not have this talk prepared for them, but I did have my business steps written, I wrote 20 powerful steps to build your business, and I also had no visuals because I didn't have any newborn photographs.

[00:58:25] So I used no visuals, and I absolutely slayed. I had 20 minutes on stage. I had 90 minutes. I had 4 minutes. I had a 4 minute power intro, a 4 minute power closing.

[00:58:35] And I knew I had 4 minutes per slide to deliver these steps. And in that moment, I was prepared just like that. I've created my content. This is what I do. I'm ready.

[00:58:46] I'm nervous. There was adrenaline pumping through my body And all I could think is I walked out there and walking out to do this, and it seemed so much different than the one I'd given the day before, which was for me, you know, because this was on the fly. I remember walking up there, and I said to myself, I know this. I know this content. And I'm gonna knock this socks off.

[00:59:12] I remember thinking that in my brain, like, pulling myself with all this, like, confidence in just going, I know this. I know this. I know this, and I'm gonna knock their socks off. And when you become a practice speaker like that. That's what you can do.

[00:59:25] I could have done it without the keynote, and I still would put up my hand now if somebody said, there's no speakers in the room. You know, On stage, I've realized that I'm so good at writing content and developing content. And remember, I'm ahead of a lot of you. I've been doing for 14 years, I realized that on stage, what makes me better than other speakers is I have the most to give Don't you see? I have the most to give up there.

[00:59:54] I give no holds barred if you can become me overnight, you were already on your way there. Trust me. You have no idea how hard it is being me. Like, I just, like, I mastered my craft. Like, anybody who's competing with that has mastered their craft props to you, I'm not here to compete.

[01:00:13] I'm here to shine. So My intention is set. I never walk on stage without a prayer. I ground my feet so deep. I open my crown and I say anybody who wants to speak through me for the highest good of everybody in this room, connect now.

[01:00:29] My intention is that I empower, inspire and teach every single person in that room. You know, one of the biggest things that I had to get over the hurdle been good enough when you first start getting up on stage or teaching or standing in front of people in a workshop is before my first creative life was about to go live and it was 211,000 people. Like, I wasn't expecting that. I was sort of hoping for a 1000 at the time. I sat there and I just felt this overwhelming I felt the confidence drain from my body, everything I don't like about myself, I'm old, I'm, you know, everything I was criticizing myself.

[01:01:09] I'm not good enough to be. Why am I doing this? Why am I here? I'm gonna get flayed. I'm gonna get rejected.

[01:01:15] I said this to myself in my darkest moment, in my biggest moment, I said, I'm not here to make people like me because some of them won't I am not here to make people like my work because some people won't. I am here to tell people how I do what I do and why I love it so much and how I make money doing it. Again, that's how I felt. And I said that to myself, and I kept saying it. And I kept saying it, and I kept saying it.

[01:02:01] And you know the best part about that? I said it. I can still say it. I am quoting verbatim what I said to myself before I walked out on that stage that day, and took a big step that absolutely changed my life because being brave enough just to step on to that stage and deliver 3 days of content free and live for the first time on camera, talking to a camera, not to people. I was talking to camera I was so far out of my comfort zone, and that talk to this day I still have the same talk to myself.

[01:02:42] I say the same thing when I'm about to walk on stage to thousands of people. I'm not here to make these people like me, some won't. I am not here to make these people like my work, some won't. I'm here to educate and inspire people. And if they leave this room, and never connect with me again as an educator.

[01:03:05] I am grateful for their presence in this room, and my intention is that they leave inspired, and for everyone else in the room that is taking notes faster than humanly possible that have light bulbs exploding tears running down their cheeks that is making heart connections with my story that is crying and laughing along with me. You are my people, and I just gave you 20 solid reasons. To sign up and follow with me. Yes. That's what's so powerful about doing it.

[01:03:43] So whatever your little pep talk has to be, you gotta find it. You know, you you're not there to be liked. I just proved in one keynote. I not only know how to walk all of those steps. I did it.

[01:04:02] And you can too. And, you know, when you stand up and you connect like that, all they want is more, more, more, more, and more, don't sell from stage. You don't need to show, don't tell. When you teach people, you hear, why? And I'm not talking about the Simon cynic, why?

[01:04:25] Like, what's your why? What do why do you do this? I I laugh when people tell me what their y is because it's always related to a story of resilience. Sure. But it's more like a three year old.

[01:04:36] Why? You know, like, you need to take this step. Why? Or if people don't want to do something, why? You've got to explain why, and I'm always teaching.

[01:04:47] You know, when I'm not teaching, I'm teaching clients. I'm always building value. I'm teaching why I'm always explaining why why this why this works, why I take a step like this, why why am I you to focus here, why am I asking you to do it like this? Why? You know, when I built my portrait business, I was always educating my clients Why bring good clothes?

[01:05:10] Why turn up this way? Why come the clean here? I was always communicating. Why do this? Why buy this?

[01:05:16] All of marketing is why? Why is it valuable? So everything you create, you have to ask why? Why am I writing this content? Why?

[01:05:27] Why do I want to do this? Why do I want to share this? Why does somebody want to buy this content? How does it help them? How do you communicate value?

[01:05:38] You tell people why? Why? Why is it good? Why is it important? Why is it helpful?

[01:05:44] Why did you create it? Is it interesting? Is it educational? Is it entertaining? Is it engaging?

[01:05:54] Is it empowering? Put it through the ease Why? Why is it interesting? You need to know if you can't tell me, who will? Why is it educational?

[01:06:09] Why is it entertaining? Why is it engaging? And why is it empowering? Ask when you write it down, ask why? Because that's your intention.

[01:06:21] And once you know your intention, then you know it just starts with one subject at the top. And when your heart wants to write that subject, And then those bullets come out of you and there's certainty and conviction, then you have one product, whatever that is, and then you can start selling that one thing and you're just then now you're making money. So it starts with one talk. It starts with one class. It starts with one product.

[01:06:50] Just one. Just one. And now we're getting clarity. We've organized our knowledge. Now we're organizing our content, but you're not gonna launch it because we're only on video 4.

[01:07:03] Next step is you're gonna beta test it. You're gonna beta test it. Then you're gonna beta test it, and you'll get testimonials because you're beta testing it. When you beta testing it, you practice it. Oh, yeah.

[01:07:15] We're gonna talk more about beta testing because I need you to know this content inside out backwards and forwards you need to know it so well and beta testing is gonna get you to the next step. Enjoy your homework. I'm gonna love coaching this week because The organizing of the content is my favorite part to coach. Enjoy your homework. I'll see you for coaching.


==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 4 ====
