==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 04 - Avoidance ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome back to self value deep dives. This is video for avoidance, and we have so much to cover today, Sue Bryce.

Sue Bryce | Yay. Hi, everyone. Okay.

Nikki Closser | So something that you talked about in the workshop that was really, really powerful. It it's actually a quote, and I wanna read it really quick, and maybe you can expand on it. So it says, avoidance is stress relief. And addiction comes from avoidance. The addiction becomes the problem, and we battle the addiction.

Nikki Closser | We battle the one thing we've set as stress relief. The core of what we're avoiding in the first place is emotional confrontation or emotional discomfort and a fear of rejection. Can you just, like, dissect this for us? Because it it really is powerful.

Sue Bryce | It's crazy to me. I mean, I got stuck in avoidance a lot mostly for me. The avoidance that I got stuck in was eating in weight. And I got stuck there for years in this constant battle. Like, I was in a battle with my weight but I was first I battle my body, then I battle the actual behavior.

Sue Bryce | And it took me years to work out. It wasn't about the food. It was just what I was using to fill the hole that I had because when you have a hole, you fill it And that's what being unfulfilled means. You have a hole that needs to be filled, and we fill it with food. Or we fill it with alcohol or gambling or sex or gossip or social media, but that is just in itself, avoidance behaviors.

Sue Bryce | These behaviors are set as stress relief because we need stress relief. And unfortunately, they become habits, and these habits become personas, our personas become our personalities. And before we know it, we're stuck in this problem, and that was never the problem in the first place. So I see everybody get stuck in avoidance at some level. If you're gossiping, it's avoidance.

Sue Bryce | If you stuck on social media, that's avoidance. This is all just avoidance behaviors to one of those three things. An emotional confrontation is also being emotional in yourself and allowing it instead of jumping straight to pleasure pain, right? So I feel like in itself, all of these behaviors that become your dark little secret or the thing you hide about yourself Ultimately, we're just there to relieve your stress. And when you first started doing them, they felt like stress relief, and they felt good they served you.

Sue Bryce | The problem is is when we don't want to feel bad, when we don't wanna feel emotion or feel shame or feel anything we're experiencing instead of processing it and working through it with a friend or with ourselves or with our journal or going to a therapist and working through a whole sort of area of your life, you just start to get stuck. You just are not processing properly, and you just can get stuck so easily, and that's the loop. Right? Because there is so much discomfort. I will do anything to be away from it.

Sue Bryce | Then when I'm away from it, I'm like, this feels good. This feels good until this doesn't feel good.

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | Because inevitably, if you're spending, you're gonna overspend If you're eating, you're gonna overeat. Whatever you're over, if you're gambling, you're going to come to the altar. Like, everything comes to the altar at some point. And, unfortunately, when it comes to the altar, you're now in a battle, wrong battle, wrong problem, wrong solution, And the worst thing is you're gonna take the one thing that you said is stress relief, and you're gonna remove that from your life. So then You're in cognitive dissonance.

Sue Bryce | You are fighting yourself. That is pure resistance, and you're just lost in that loop. And anybody that's been there will know exactly what I'm talking about.

Nikki Closser | Oh, I can I can remember? Do you remember 10 years ago when we met? Oh gosh. It's 11 years ago, almost 11 years ago now. I was avoiding money issues.

Nikki Closser | I couldn't hold on to money. I was in debt. As soon as I got it, I would spend it. I was afraid to charge what I was worth. And one of the quotes you said, avoidance is a way that I interpret and experience self sabotage.

Nikki Closser | I was self sabotaging.

Sue Bryce | Through life. I read a lot about self sabotage, but what's your interpretation of self sabotage? Cause I never understood, like, people would say, I'm really into self sabotage. Like, it was a thing. And I would say what you you're into it.

Sue Bryce | Like, you know, but, no, but I do it all the time and I use sabotage yourself. How do you sabotage yourself? And I was always so confused by self sabotage, but when I started to teach that, well, we have these avoidance behaviors, I was like, oh, that's self sabotage right there. Because the weird part is is you are self sabotaging. You're picking something that's further away from your emotional problem.

Sue Bryce | And it's a big thing, you know, like something else that's a problem to battle and you're giving all your bandwidth and energy to that problem. Instead of the real problem, So you're fighting something that doesn't even belong in your car or your world or your personality. None of it belongs to you. These are just things you're doing, not who you are.

Nikki Closser | So Okay. So you've talked a lot about fear as well. Is there, like, a relationship between fear and avoidance and just

Sue Bryce | It's I think fear is probably I say that fear date dates a Harlem of old stories, but to be honest with you, I think, to be honest, fear probably brings avoidance into the car more than anybody else. But if you think about it, there's two people bringing avoidance into the car. My thoughts is, well, 3. My thoughts is saying anything that's not your fault. Right?

Sue Bryce | So it's gonna go to drama. It's gonna go narcissist self doubt. It's gonna get ego. My feelings are responding and poor me. And fears talking in the back.

Sue Bryce | So I think all three of them will bring avoidance into your car. And avoidance is I feel like you're driving along in avoidance is that thing on the side of the road that's hitchhiking that's like, hey. Pull over. Let me in. And you're like, oh, avoidance.

Sue Bryce | And then avoidance gets in your car. Before long, you're gonna realize this is a friend you cannot keep. This is a friend you cannot keep because you're avoiding something to feel good. Well and that's a thing. Like, what is it?

Nikki Closser | Like, okay. So with with avoiding facing the money issues that I had, what am I avoiding? Like, why Is it because

Sue Bryce | of the shame of not being in control of your money? Right. You're avoiding the shame you feel when you look at it and you say I'm out of control. And that's such a shameful feeling. You don't even wanna experience it.

Sue Bryce | When we talked about all the areas of your life and being in alignment with them and video too, I started you you've gotta start to think that you've gotta get into alignment with all the areas of your life. There will be entire areas of your life, like your body or money that you are completely avoiding you're just ignoring that this happens in your life because you don't wanna touch it for a reason because there's shame there. And until you uncover what that shame is, bring that to awareness to the light. You're going to keep avoiding feeling this thing or doing this thing or experiencing this thing. And if there's rejection in there, you've got avoidance.

Sue Bryce | You've got, oh, now I've got an So I'm gonna hide my addiction, right, but addictions are hard to hide. Mhmm. And before long, people will start to shine a light on my shameful behavior, and then I'm just go back to my thoughts, my feelings. How could I possibly have that big dream over there? I'm battling these 2 in my front seat on a daily basis over should I be eating or not?

Sue Bryce | And that has nothing to do with the steps I had to take over there. That was just the food was my dopamine. When it stopped being my dopamine, it becomes my dope. It's my drug, and it's the same with alcohol. It's the same with gambling.

Sue Bryce | It's the same with all the behaviors that make us feel good, they become the problem. So if you are stuck in a problem, if you're stuck in addiction going into addiction, you can break that. There are programs are, like, eating, gambling, drinking, drugs. There are so many amazing programs in the world right now. But that's at the call, not your problem.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. So if you find yourself just lost in avoidance, you don't have to be an air pick avoided like me. I'm definitely not fever and the avoidance. Yeah. But, to be honest with you, these behaviors are so crippling, and they are so and they feel so good when you first start them.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. But they become problems. They become problems for you because you're simply not facing what you wanna face, what you need to face, what you want to face.

Nikki Closser | Well, in avoidance is a tricky little bugger. It's sneaky. Like, you you've talked about how boredom is a form of avoidance, but really it Yeah.

Sue Bryce | But tell me all the time, 95% of my students tell me that they engage in their avoidance behavior because of boredom. I go to social media because I'm bored. I eat because I'm bored. I drink because I'm bored. I'm gonna call cut boredom out of your out of your my thoughts, my feelings, no longer you can't speak it out.

Sue Bryce | You can't say boredom. You must replace the word bottom with unfulfilled. Change it. I'm unfulfilled. And that changes everything because suddenly when you stop saying I'm bored, And I said this from stage from from as long as I can remember, I would go to my mother every weekend and I say, I'm bored.

Sue Bryce | My mother would say, you're not bored. You're smart only stupid people aboard, go and make something.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And to to this day, if I say I'm bored, I go, aboard, or are you unfulfilled? And I go, I'm unfulfilled. And then I say, well, go and make something that's spins your wheels.

Nikki Closser | I love that.

Sue Bryce | Go and make something that lights you up. Oh my gosh. Just saying that gave me goosebumps all over my body because I truly say that to myself. I'm like, Subrise, you are far too creative and far too smart to be bored. You're also far too creative and far too connected to be unfulfilled.

Sue Bryce | So if boredom and unfulfilled even come into my world, that is a call to connect to something that lights me up. And I don't love this very often.

Nikki Closser | I love this so much, Dan, and

Sue Bryce | I have the appointment. Also, I can find alignment with anything. Alignment with another person if something's like wrong or I can get into a I can focus my energy that on alignment until I get back into alignment. I don't wanna live one day out of alignment now. It feels bad.

Sue Bryce | I don't wanna be there. And when I am there, I'm like, why am I here? I have control over this.

Nikki Closser | Now I know I often bring it back to kids because I have them, and I'm trying to raise good human beings. And, Dan, and I

Sue Bryce | talk about that. Kids because that the reflection of to you. Yeah. What what you're triggered with your children is you do it and what you like about your children, you do it, and they give you both feedback. You get both feedback.

Sue Bryce | Back and they both they both have picked you, but the good one feels really good.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Our six year old Dan will say I'm bored, and Dan and I decided our response to him is going to be I cannot wait to see what you're gonna come up with to do or to make. Like, let us know once you figure out how, you know, how you're gonna play. You know, as opposed to, like, I used to say,

Sue Bryce | well, you can do this.

Nikki Closser | You can throw away all the toys because if you can't figure out one thing to do, you know, but we We realized that wasn't working. So we we we changed it up, and it has made all the difference.

Sue Bryce | Well, you could give him 5 options, but you're still giving him 5 options. Why don't you wait for him to give you one option? And it'll be something he really wants to do. Yeah. That's brilliant.

Sue Bryce | Totally. So do that as an adult.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. Exactly. That's what I just think. Like, we can apply it to ourselves.

Sue Bryce | And if we're, the unfulfilled

Nikki Closser | It takes such a different meaning

Sue Bryce | and fulfilled. I don't have time in my life to be bored. Who's bored? My body? Boredom is a lie.

Sue Bryce | Boredom is Boredom is that one word that we use so often with all of our avoidance behaviors and it be airs. Call it out. Mhmm. Mhmm. I call unfulfilled.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. And, you know, I I always think unfulfilled is the most the most incorrectly spelled word on the planet. Common words fell on the planet. And I always think to myself whenever I spell it, whenever I spell fulfilled, I always say You fill it with filling. You never fill it with falling.

Sue Bryce | That's how I say it in my head. Because if you truly fool it with filling, you're you're filling the space, and it's like, that's how I write it. That's how it's how it's spelt. And when I say it like that, you do. You fold a space with filling because you are looking to be fulfilled.

Sue Bryce | And when you're unfulfilled, you fill it with everything else. Dopamine, dopamine, dopamine, because that's pleasure. Pleasure feels good. Better than pain. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | So teaching people how to sit in their emotions. Yeah. Sitting their emotions would be in that car listening to my thoughts and my feelings. You you don't just sit with your feelings. Because you're also sitting with the thoughts that are driving the feelings.

Sue Bryce | And when you sit with the thoughts that drive the feelings, you actually listen to them and you can see why the feelings are responding this way. And when you start to say, do you really believe that? Because my thoughts are speaking, but you're the observer and you're listening, when you start to say, do I really believe that? You start to realize you don't. And the second you believe in your self and make that goal and start to do your best towards something.

Sue Bryce | You start to create evidence that you can create whatever you want in your life There is no reason that you're choosing to be stuck right now other than getting trapped in your own car with your own thoughts and your own feeling. So That can be changed once you become aware. And I keep saying become aware, and a lot of people don't know what coming to awareness is. Just being able to speak it up in this way without being emotionally connected to the narrative, being able to say it out loud, even on an abstract or from above it saying, I think I'm avoiding, or I notice I'm just always in the fridge I'm just in the fridge. I should be working at home, but I'm obsessed about the fridge.

Sue Bryce | When I get obsessed about something that's pulling me away from the work that I have to sit down and do, It's because the work that I'm sitting down to do is either emotionally confronting in some way, uncomfortable in some way, or it literally does not fulfill me, and then I'm bored because there's no fulfillment in my life. Then you can be bored, but you have the knowledge that you're not fulfilled. And instead of getting back to my thoughts and my feelings about not being fulfilled and not having my needs met, not having all the things I want in my life, That's what you have to break out of that loop and get into a loop of this is the call to create everything that I want in my life.

Nikki Closser | Do you ever okay. So we often talk about people who say, well, I can't have this dream because Like, what does it go the opposite way with in in you've talked about it overinflated kind of ego where people think their dreams are too big?

Sue Bryce | They say that all the time. That's the ego voice. That's when my thoughts and my feelings have have no value. And that's when they're so, like, they they're just like the ego speaking, and the ego would just over inflate everybody. And that's when people say, like, I'm really would live my dreams, but they're just too big.

Sue Bryce | Like, they're scary. Like, big, big dreams, like, way over there. And I'm like, yep. That's way over there is not congruently walking a path towards your next step. Way over there is a pipe dream and way over there, that big dream has got big inflated ego going, which is so good.

Sue Bryce | We're so incredible. We could be so famous and so successful, but we don't wanna be all those things because I have a fear of success. That is a lie, and it's straight avoidance. You're not successful right now. You're avoiding even trying, but you're telling everyone you will be successful, that's just a big, fat ego.

Sue Bryce | And the big, fat ego in the car, I I tried to think of ego as a separate persona. The truth is is I wondered if the ego was just the voice of fear because at the end of the day, when I hear the inflated ego, and I hear the scared ego, they're both the same thing. Fear. It's I have a fear of being not good enough and rejected, so I'll over inflate myself in this moment, and we do that all the time. So it really is really, really is truly.

Sue Bryce | Getting stuck in the loop. And then it's breaking that loop by getting into alignment with what you really want. I think a lot of people too go to avoidance, and this is a big one. In fact, I didn't I don't know that I spoke about this enough because they don't speak up for themselves. So if you're a people pleaser and you're doing for others, you get resentful.

Sue Bryce | And when you get resentful, because you don't want to do for others, you want to do for yourself, when you get resentful, you get stuck in avoidance because you don't want to tell someone you can't baby set for them or look after their dog because Mhmm. They just abuse your boundary. And because you don't have a boundary, because you don't step up and put up a boundary, it's so uncomfortable to say no to these people when you're a pleaser. You will literally Do it. Resend them for it.

Sue Bryce | And then anytime that you go to confront that, go to avoidance. So the person who who's you're doing this for doesn't know you're going through this, and you actually resent them for this. You won't even speak up. Uh-huh. So you would rather be resentful, go to the fridge and eat the resentment.

Sue Bryce | I'm gonna stuff down the resentment. I feel towards these people. Instead of standing up for myself, it's sitting just a basic boundary. Like a basic boundary. That I don't wanna do this, but I don't know how to say no.

Sue Bryce | Now, that by definition is pure avoidance. You're running to avoidance because you don't wanna emotionally confront your feelings of resentment. Now I am a con I am a okay. My CliftonStrengths, top 5, achiever. Strategic, command, self assurance, relator, top 10.

Sue Bryce | Like, everything about my my traits, my positive traits, I'm a go getter. I'm an action taker. So if you look at these very strong traits, and in a woman, I have command, so I'm commanding in my energy, even though I'm five foot 3. And my self assurance, I know what I want. I'm a business owner.

Sue Bryce | I'm a creative. I'm a strong woman, and I know what I want. I have self assurance. So I know what I want. I have command, and I'm an achiever.

Sue Bryce | I know what I wanna go after, and I run towards that. Right? So to somebody that is disempowered or to somebody that's can't speak up for themselves, to somebody who doesn't know what they want, I think I would be a very controlling person. You might even look at me and think, oh, she does take this, and she does this, and she does that because you're not right. You could see me as being somebody that's bulldozing your inner desires because you don't speak them out.

Sue Bryce | I know what I want. So if you and I are sitting together and they say, what ice cream do you want? And they say, I want mint chocolate chip. And you think, well, I wanted strawberry, but she already said mint chocolate chip, and now I can't say strawberry. And now that's it.

Sue Bryce | She just says, we're getting mint chocolate chip, and I'm just gonna eat mint chocolate chip because that's what I'm getting because she said, when I was like, no, they asked me to a decision, I make decisions really easily. You didn't, and now you think it's my fault. I can see how my personality could upset people that don't know who they are, don't know what they want. Now when I rewind, when I was that person, I was the person being told that they had to have chocolate chip, and I was the person, and I couldn't speak up for myself. I blamed everybody around me.

Sue Bryce | I've blamed everyone around me, but me. So recently, I was put in a situation where I said yes to something I didn't wanna do. And the second I said yes to it, I'm like, surprised. You just you write this workshop. You gotta live it.

Sue Bryce | You know, and I I went to the and I said, I have to apologize to you because I have said yes to something I don't wanna do. And I've reverted to people pleasing, and I shouldn't be doing this, and I shouldn't have said yes to you, and I'm gonna do it because I said that I would. But I make sure, like, I'm not being true to you if I keep doing this. And they went, sweet. Why didn't you just say?

Sue Bryce | And that's like, because inside me was emotional confrontation.

Nikki Closser | Uh-huh.

Sue Bryce | But to you, it was just a boundary. A healthy boundary. Learning to set healthy boundaries is one of the hardest things you'll do. It truly is. Because you will truly feel that everyone is taking away from you in that moment.

Sue Bryce | Well, sorry. That's how you feel when you say yes when you don't wanna do But when you say no, you truly feel like you're taking something from that person. Do not let the person you say no to that you set a boundary with. Make you feel bad about that or get angry at you in any way. If they did, that is the evidence you needed that you should definitely have been saying no.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. Now also remember this. If you are a people pleaser and you've said yes to people all that time, When you start to say no, it feels like your chest is being ripped open. And the reason that is so is because the way those people react makes you feel guilty. And the reason they're reacting that way is you've said yes so often, they don't know any different, and they just expect you to be there.

Sue Bryce | And when you say no, you're taking from them. You really are. So when I acknowledge that in myself, I'm the people pleasing little I'm the little people pleaser. It's me. Oh my goodness.

Sue Bryce | I'm resentful towards them because I don't speak up for myself. I'm resentful to saying yes, because I wanted to say no and didn't set a boundary. I'm resentful towards these people because I want what they've got, but I'm not doing it myself. When I can bring awareness like that to myself, I can see my way through. And then I'm like, This is me doing things.

Sue Bryce | Mhmm. Yeah. Is that

Nikki Closser | part of breaking the loop like, with avoidance and obsessing about, you know, different things. And you've talked about obsessing people obsess about their bodies. You know, battling with ourselves, with money, with rejection, you know, just how do we fully break this loop?

Sue Bryce | So when you break that mind loop first, the obsession loop, you have to acknowledge that you're an obsession. Soon as you bring that to a witness, when you've worked through this workshop, and you can acknowledge obsession. I found more of our students afterwards were saying, oh my gosh, I was in an obsessive loop. I was in an obsessive loop about this. I got myself into an people were identifying it.

Sue Bryce | And as soon as you can observe it, you can bring it to your awareness, and it literally is done. You're observing it. You can get in between this behavior once you see it. At first, you might experience it, get stuck there for a bit, and then realize you're there, and then break yourself out of it. The only way to break yourself out of it is listen to my thoughts and my feelings.

Sue Bryce | Remove old story from the car, self hate, avoidance, self doubt, Get out. Body story, old story. All of them get out of the car. Get out of the car now. If they keep getting back in the car, you have to acknowledge the obsession.

Sue Bryce | Rejection breeds obsession, so then you're dealing with rejection. I have been rejected in this moment. I've been rejected in this moment by this person. And when I get stuck in obsession, I know I will only want what I'm obsessing about, which is this person So I have to accept that they've rejected me and not set as rejection. Right?

Sue Bryce | I've got to accept that they've rejected me. And I've gotta keep listening to my thoughts and my feelings until I can calm them down. And that's all I have to do is calm them down, listen to them, not respond, not believe them, not react. And if I can't bring to believe into the car at that point, if I'm just too stuck in the loop, just keep listening. Keep listening.

Sue Bryce | And when you feel strong enough, start to realize that those two voices and you are separate inside yourself, you can start to say. I don't believe this anymore. I don't believe this anymore. I choose to believe that I'm good enough. I choose to believe that someone has rejected me and it hurts because I wanted something different.

Sue Bryce | Now I accept that they don't want the same thing, and that's okay. But I choose to believe I'm enough. I choose to believe I'm okay. I choose to believe that I might need 24 hours in avoidance. I choose to believe I might need 24 hours of self care of balling my eyes out and eating a lemon pound cake from Costco.

Sue Bryce | The whole thing because it's, like, the size of my, like, whole, like, upper body. But do it for 24 hours then. Be in if you have to suffer, be in the suffering, but give yourself a time limit. Because you're choosing to stay there. You you're choosing to stay there every 90 seconds.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. 90 seconds, you suffer. You're choosing a thought that keeps you in suffering. So you just keep looping down the air. And once you start acknowledging the loop and listening and not responding to it, you can break out a bit.

Sue Bryce | So just remember this one thing. This is not who you are. These are just things you do. Avoidance is the things you do And then they become patterns, they become personas, they become our whole lives, they become our problems, they become our addictions. They don't have to.

Nikki Closser | The state in which you dwell. You talk about that during the workshop.

Sue Bryce | The state in which you dwell is the emotional state you hold. The emotional state you hold is attracting your future. If you hold an emotional state of peace, it's attracting a wonderful future of anything you think of. If you hold calm, if you hold fulfilled. If you hold connected, beautiful energy, if you hold excitement every day, if you hold enthusiasm for what you're doing for your health, for your family, for, you know, your goals, for your dreams, for your business, then you're gonna activate every single day, but to wake up in yesterday's emotions, choose to believe my thoughts and feelings respond and get stuck in a lube is a choice.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. And having people be able to hold space for you so that you can see your own drama is it. Yeah. So avoidance, you know, avoidance is a big one. I didn't really avoidance is a huge part of loving ourselves.

Sue Bryce | Because we have to take the shame away from all these behaviors that we do. But guess what? I wanted you to know that the reason you set these behaviors in the first place was to feel good and to alleviate some stress. So maybe we should ask the bigger question. Why are we so stressed?

Sue Bryce | Why are we saying yes when we wanna say no? Why are we not awkward towards the business? We want the job. We want the career. We want the relationship.

Sue Bryce | We want the house we want, the body we want. Like, you can't be dissatisfied with something you're not focused on. So turn your attention towards it. And I think what avoidance brought up today was that it's really easy to embroid an entire area of your life. So as we work through every area, from love, to money, to family, to, you know, your emotional self, to, all of it as you work through every area, you're gonna see where you're disempowered, but you're mostly gonna see what you completely avoid in these areas.

Sue Bryce | I avoided myself. I avoided my money. I avoided love, and I avoided, I avoided my physical body for years. I lived from the neck up. You know, I I've been in all of them.

Sue Bryce | I've avoided entire areas of my life. I want you to bring them back. The your areas that every area of your life deserves to be abundant flowing with income and abundant flowing with love. Every area And if it's not work through that area, one at a time, but have a look at the areas you're most avoiding, because that holds your greatest lesson. And it's okay to look in the mirror.

Sue Bryce | All of this work The hardest part about this work is the first person you have to have a conversation with is you. You're the poison. You're the antidote man. It's always you. So don't get bummed out.

Sue Bryce | I used to get bummed out. I would learn a big lesson, and then I'd say, like, oh my gosh. I learned this huge lesson, and it was super painful. And then a new lesson would come and I was like, can we just not have lessons? Like, can we not just learn these big, hard lessons?

Sue Bryce | But you have to learn them. Because they're getting in the way of your everyday magic. And once you learn them, they don't get in the way of the magic anymore. Okay. What's after avoidance?

Sue Bryce | Self perception?

Nikki Closser | Yes. I was just about to say say that.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. What do we think of ourselves? Why do we think of ourselves? Cause we're the ones creating this car. We're the ones creating this future.

Sue Bryce | But we also have this perception of how other people see us. And you've made that up as well. So let's dig through that.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. That's a good one. That's I mean, just like identity, avoidance, all of it. Self perception is It's another really powerful one.

Sue Bryce | Hey. I do wanna say one thing. I need you to love yourself through this. You know, part of being doing this work is you realize you are the poison. You are the poison.

Sue Bryce | So you find out a whole lot of things about yourself you don't like. You don't want people to know. You don't want people to see. I might be on stage talking about debt, and you're in the audience just dying inside because you have debt, Shane, But so are other people sitting around you? Like, I need you to love yourself through this work.

Sue Bryce | You're going to start to realize that you're the problem real quickly. Every and if you've spent a lot of time in golf support resentment, a lot of time blaming others in a poor me energy, which I did for years years, then your voice and narrative is very much tied to gossip and poor me, and it's not fair. And that will take a while to break it. You know, You don't have to spend a long time going through this work. People say it's gonna take me a long time.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't have to it will shift overnight when you're ready to shift the mental state around it. So you just need to give yourself some grace. You're gonna find out a whole lot of the things that you don't like about yourself. And things that you thought were other people's things. And it's okay.

Sue Bryce | Because you already do believe you're unlovable. So if you truly think that you're unlovable, you're gonna be more unlovable.

Nikki Closser | Well, thank you again, Sue. That was avoidance. And next time, we will be back for self perception. It's a big one.

Sue Bryce | Do the work. Love yourself.

Nikki Closser | Yes. Thank you.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 04 - Avoidance ====
