==== Start of Transcript: Deep Dive 01 - What is Self Love? ====

Nikki Closser | Hi, everyone. Welcome to self value, the deep dives. I'm your host, Nikki Klosser, and I have Sue Bryce with me in the hot seat. Hi, Sue.

Sue Bryce | Hi, everyone. I love these conversations.

Nikki Closser | I do too. I do too. Okay. So people out there listening now that you have Watch the first video? What is self love?

Nikki Closser | We wanna just go a little bit deeper into this conversation. So let's talk about what is self love?

Sue Bryce | Yes. What is it? I feel like, everybody knows what self love is. Everybody knows they need to love themselves more. And everybody wants to love themselves more and have better lives and deeper connections and more of everything that they want for themselves.

Sue Bryce | So I think ultimately this talk was really about you understanding 2 incredible things you are the poison and you are the antidote. Right? So whatever you're dissatisfied with or disempowered with, it's literally you are in charge of it. And and the other one is is if you don't prioritize yourself first, how can you possibly live this beautiful, full life? And give it to everybody else.

Sue Bryce | So, those are the 2 things we struggle with, especially women, although men are struggling with a too, but as women, we just we we people please and we give ourselves a way to other people, and we don't necessarily prioritize ourselves. So, you know, it's so true. It's so true. You know what? That is exactly like last one on the list.

Sue Bryce | So I feel like bringing people to self love is teaching them how to prioritize who they are, what they want, what they think of themselves, like their self perception and then living a life that's congruent with all of your dreams, like goals, waking up every day, And I feel like when you tell people that women say, oh, I can't that's about me. I don't wanna make this about me. Right? Because I feel like we're taught just to give it away. Why do

Nikki Closser | you think that is? Why do you think that you know, some women don't allow themselves to have goals because that might take away from, you know, family time or time with my partner or whatever. You know, what? Like, why don't we choose that to ourselves?

Sue Bryce | I don't think well, I do think it's I don't think it's just women. I think it's everyone, but I think we don't prior prioritize our goals because we've already prioritized everyone else's. You know, telling people that their people pleases I'm a people pleaser. I've always been a people pleaser. I had to really learn how to not be one.

Sue Bryce | And every day I wake up, I still feel like I can fall back into people pleasing. When you prioritize other people's lives, you make other people's lives better. Where nurturer is. We over nurture others, especially when there's kids involved, but, like, I don't have children. I have a really big career but even I didn't prioritize myself in my career.

Sue Bryce | I prioritized myself supporting others in the business and supporting others in the job. And I also prioritized advice to my friends, which was telling them to prioritize themselves, and I still wasn't doing that for myself. So it's not just moms, you know, it's basically all of us. We wake up. We get stuck in this sort of every day, and we forget that we can create more for ourselves every day.

Sue Bryce | Yeah. But I don't think we ask for more because I feel like we fall into people pleasing because we wanna be liked, and we want everyone to be happy. So I feel like we wake up and we give it away and we give it away, but then we start to feel maybe resentful or lonely or unseen Maybe?

Nikki Closser | Do you think that people maybe don't allow themselves to have bigger goals or more goals be because there isn't that self love. You know, if you think about the people that you teach, you're always telling people, you know, ask for bigger and more, and people like like freak out at that. You know?

Sue Bryce | Yeah. What's the first thing that you look at in self love? You look at yourself and and your relationships. Usually your primary love relationship and what you're getting back. Straight away, everyone goes to love.

Sue Bryce | Secondly, they go to money. It's almost like out of all eight areas of life, love being the first focus in society is, like, I'm accepted. I'm loved. So our love relationship seems to be the first concern. Then everybody wants more money.

Sue Bryce | They want more abundance. They want flow, but really they wanna be free of money pain. I kind of think about that, and I'm like, those two things come up straight away. And then the third one is my body. So that tells me everybody struggles with their love relationship because that's just a reflection of how much you love yourself.

Sue Bryce | Everyone struggles with money because that's a value metric, right, to sell value. You can't ask for more money and allow more abundance into your life if you don't believe you're worthy of asking for it or having it. And then I feel like the body is we put a lot of emphasis on how our physical body looks. Like, if I look good, if I slim, I'm accepted. If I'm heavier, I'm not accepted.

Sue Bryce | Right? We start to live by our sort of beauty standards in this society's rules. So those first three things, when you're out of alignment with those 3 things, love money and body, and you're low in value, they will reflect back that you are not good, that you're not good enough, that you're not worthy of more, that you can't have more, And if you see that evidence and you start living that truth, people just keep treating you the same way. And, unfortunately, it's a self fulfilling prophecy. You see evidence that you're not good enough.

Sue Bryce | And I when I said that on stage, I was programmed to look for more evidence because when you live with shame, I'm not good enough, then rejection is just everywhere. It's in everything. You see it's in everything. You do. How will you thrive?

Sue Bryce | You don't make goals for yourself when you live month by month. Because a survival brain just cannot evolve. I lived month to month until I was into my mid to late thirties. And even when I was getting flow in my income, I still struggled to actually keep and manage that money because I felt so bad about having it. So every step up in growth is just another level you spend your mind, your mindset, you get a new experience, you get new evidence, and you just keep growing and growing, right?

Sue Bryce | But you don't grow when you're stuck in problem focused, drama focused. You don't grow when you don't love your life. Because you're not building a life. You're just surviving. And that's how most of us live.

Sue Bryce | We just survive. And we live month to month, and maybe even the more than month to month, but it's not Thrive. And you've got to really choose to be more. You've to see yourself as more, decide that you're worth more, and then you've gotta work on it every day the same way you'd work on a business. Or Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You can work on your money energy. You can work on your love energy. You can work on your self care and body love. So I feel like when you really look at those three areas, that's the first place people get trapped in their own mind.

Nikki Closser | Do you remember when I was so trapped in money pain and just the difference then and now with I

Sue Bryce | remember you being really unique because you had the same amount of savings, you know, 10 years ago that you had debt Yes. And, you know,

Nikki Closser | 10 years ago,

Sue Bryce | when you've got nothing, you know, I mean, nothing. You had a mortgage. Like, you and you and Dan had bought a house, but you were just starting out, you know, when you think back to that that amount of money, and it was, like, what, $11,000 at the time where you had, like, $11,000 on your credit card. And you said to me, I've saved $11,000. Like, this is working, and I was like, can't

Nikki Closser | Right.

Sue Bryce | You kinda got some data and you were like, oh, but you didn't wanna cancel that out. Because you were used to having that debt. I when I first broke through income and I started to accumulate money for the very 1st year, after 1 year, I realized my credit card was still in debt. I couldn't pay it off. Even though I had savings, I had this mentality that if I paid the debt on that credit card, I would have nothing.

Nikki Closser | And I because then the savings is gone.

Sue Bryce | Get around it. So I kept manifesting, I guess, the same amount of money that I was saving in debt. And I was just, like, constantly still in my brain. Look, I'm asking for more money, and I'm getting more money, but I was not giving it the direction or the value. So you just have to keep loaning.

Sue Bryce | But I feel like self love brings you to the altar with all of your relationships, with your family, with all of your friendships, definitely with your money, with your career, and your business. Like, if I love myself, I'm not gonna work in a job where I'm building somebody else's dreams, And if I love my body, I'm gonna care for it every day and respect myself and love myself, and then others will too. Like, it is so impactful and profoundly life changing when you work on yourself first. But this idea that you can't work on yourself, or there's no time is really you saying I don't know how to meet my needs. You don't know how to meet your own needs, so you just say there's no time for my needs.

Nikki Closser | Well, a lot of people, it seems like when they start doing the self love work, me being one of them, you know, way back when people say, like, I just have a lot to work on. Like, there's a lot to do, and it becomes you know, I think people kinda get overwhelmed by it.

Sue Bryce | I feel like people get overwhelmed by this work. And so let's break it down. Let's break let's look at the eight areas of your life because I guarantee when you start this work, if you're confused about where to go, or you feel like you have too much to work on? Cause I feel like what people do is they hear each area, and they think I need to work on this area. I need to work on this area.

Sue Bryce | So when I started my business, I did not think about or even consider the money block. Right? So I probably was in my own business for close to a year and a half before I realized this struggle was not. I was just making just enough to pay rent. And Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I realized I wasn't sort of asking more. I wasn't thriving. I wasn't offering value that the year I really learned how to do that. That brought me to the altar with money, but I did the business first for a year and a half. I just focused on building the systems, the business, because I honestly don't think my brain could have done the money as well.

Sue Bryce | I had to do it incrementally, and I had to look at each area at a as a different way. Then I kind of got to the money area, and I realized my old programming was bad. I wasn't offering anything of value. I wasn't setting up money systems. I wasn't setting up sales systems.

Sue Bryce | Learned all that. Then I really faced my money, but weirdly, once I got through my service, my flow. I learned how to serve my clients. Oh, I learned how to give value. I learned how to receive money in equal exchange.

Sue Bryce | When I finally got to there, I had a sustainable, profitable business. I couldn't keep it. I couldn't save money. It was like it would just fall through my fingers. So the next step is deeper money work.

Nikki Closser | You know, Sue, it's like so many people who go through this work when they first start. It's kind of overwhelming because it's like people will literally say I just have so much work to do. I don't I don't even know where to begin. I think, you know,

Sue Bryce | I feel like it's overwhelming because you're looking at all those areas of your life and you feel like because I always say, let's look through these areas of your life and see where you're empowered and see where you're disempowered. Because if you're disempowered in an area, somebody will overpower you in that area. Right? So it's just one of those things. Also, you can completely block one of these areas, I define these eight areas as your physical body because your physical body is its own thing.

Sue Bryce | To me, it's how you move, how you eat, how you rest, how you sleep, how you self care, and your body image. It's how you feel about that body and that time that you take for it. So If this is neglected in any way, that's gonna feel overwhelming to you. Right? Because when our bodies are not in alignment, we hate them.

Sue Bryce | We are so cruel to them, and we feel like they betray us, our bodies, but they're really just, like I said, our loyal servants. So, unfortunately, we see that, and we think we've got a weight problem, or we've got a problem here. And then that problem is just too big as you understand when you get to avoidance. So I think that's the first one that kicks us off. The second one that kicks us off is love because you either don't have love and you want it.

Sue Bryce | You have love, but it's not connected and you feel empty alone unseen, or you have love, right? So a lot of people just want more love, but if you don't have it, that feels like you're unlovable. So that area is gonna feel And I I avoided love. Like, love was not part of my thirties. I focused all of my energy on business and money.

Sue Bryce | I couldn't even open the love box I didn't even wanna look in it. As far as I was concerned, that area was broken for me. You can shut it down. So here, you have all these areas that feel overwhelming, but then you have areas you don't even wanna look at. Money, most people avoid it.

Sue Bryce | Right? We all did. I did it. You did it. Work, whatever that is.

Sue Bryce | So you hate your job. You're not getting more education. You're not starting a career or you're not into your career or you're not building a business. Those things, if you wanna work, can be so frustrating and stuck. You feel like you cannot move forward.

Sue Bryce | Then you've got your family, which comes down to, let's face it, boundaries. All families need good, healthy boundaries. And those are your primary relationships too. So they play a big part in our lives. Friends and social.

Sue Bryce | Everybody wants more friends. Everybody wants more community. Everybody wants to be more liked. Then I actually separate So those areas I look at as all areas you can completely grow and change. That is physical body, love, money, Work, whatever that is, family, and friends.

Sue Bryce | That's six areas. Now most people teach The areas the next areas are mental, environmental, emotional, spiritual. So I break it down like this. My 7th area for me is your mental and emotional. You can add spiritual to that.

Sue Bryce | But at the end of the day, your belief system is firmly in you anyway. Your mental and emotional are my thoughts, my feelings, and they're the 2 that are constantly stalking in the front of the car. So I put that in their own category because when you do thought work, That's where you go. You process your own thoughts and your own emotions, so that's emotional mastery. Then we have environmental for me, environmental is where you live, what you allow for yourself, the home you live in, the car you drive, Those to me are very simple physical goals, and I pull them away from the emotional work.

Sue Bryce | I also wanna pull the physical body love, money, work, family, and friends away from the drama, the emotional self, and bring it into a place of reflected calm. Like, all of these areas reflect the self love that I have for myself. So, yes, how hard would it be to look at this work right now and say, what of those areas are disempowered? And it might be most of them. So what's the one that you wanna change first?

Nikki Closser | Well, I wonder if you know, you talk about no more, no less in the power talks. And I wonder, like, I feel like often people think about asking for no more or no less when it comes to just like money. But do you think it kind of applies to, like, a love relationship or to you, you know, what you want in your environment. All of it. You know,

Sue Bryce | it's direct reflection of what you believe you're worth. It's a direct reflection of what you want, what you choose for yourself, what you focus on every single day. Now let's say you and I wanted the same thing. And it could be a horse. Let's just say it's a horse.

Sue Bryce | And every day you wake up and you say to your husband and your kids, I'm saving for a horse, And today, I'm gonna do this because it's gonna contribute to my horse. Right? And I got goosebumps because thought is an electric charge. And instantly, I thought oh, that is actively working towards the goal of owning this horse. Now let's say I also want a horse, but I don't have the property you have.

Sue Bryce | So I might get stuck in, or Nikki's doing it, but I can't because it might take me longer because then you get your horse and you're super happy, but I'm a bit jealous because I wanted a horse, but then I couldn't get it because it didn't work out for me because I didn't get somebody to help me with my horse. And I didn't get someone to help me buy my horse like you did, and I didn't get this. I don't have a husband that helps clean and build a stable. I don't have this. And all of a sudden, I'm in competition of what you wanted, right, because I'm not in alignment with it.

Sue Bryce | I'm in alignment with not having it. I'm in alignment with how hard it is to have this. I'm in alignment with it's not fear because Nikki has this, and I don't. Then I'm literally saying, seeing, being what I don't wanna be. I'm being the person who is not enjoying you with your beautiful horse I'm the person that can't have a horse.

Sue Bryce | And somehow, Nikki, you having that horse took that horse away from me. That's what we do. We're constantly contrasting and comparing what we have, who we are, who we think we are, And it's so easy for two people to want one thing and not be in alignment. It's very easy when people say to me, how did you achieve this? Against these other people who were standing up there with you.

Sue Bryce | I always say, well, they're as good as me. I was just in more alignment more alignment with what I wanted, more alignment with my voice, with my energy, with my purpose, with my strength, more alignment with my value and more aligned with my money because that's all I've ever done. It's got all of those eight areas into alignment with who I am and what I want. And that is it. That is the keys to the kingdom.

Sue Bryce | This workshop is about getting you to wake up every day and just shift your self perception and to truly go after what you want and then really loving and expecting who you are so you can unfold all of that. That's what I think this work is so extraordinary. If you go back and I look at that, I ignored my physical body. I had a real problem with avoidance and I had a real problem with avoidance eating. As you'll see, segment 4, and it's a big one because I really tried on stage to take that to a place where I emotionally was.

Sue Bryce | You remember? So I know that I ignored that I also did not allow a love relationship into my life until I was forty five years old because I thought I wasn't good enough to be loved, and I thought I was broken. Do you believe that? I avoided money and struggled with it. It caused me physical pain until I was thirty five years old.

Sue Bryce | And then I broke my poverty cycle, but I had to focus on that for a year and a half. I did not get an education, but I built a business. I built a business with no high school education, and you can't take mastery away from me. So I 100% spent my thirties building that. My family's always been great.

Sue Bryce | My relationships, friendships have always been incredible. I've always been someone that's had these beautiful relationships around me, I just felt like a failure. I couldn't move ahead in my career in my because of this education and a whole lot of old stupid blocks. Then my goal for the last 21 years has been to wake up and emotionally process and manage myself. And I truly work through every area there, but I gotta say love was the last one I even allowed in.

Sue Bryce | So, yeah, you can focus on one at a time. But your mental and emotional area, your emotional processing is number 1 because you don't get to any of the other areas without that being the one that you're really focused on. The you inside, you know, the real you. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | It it's funny because, like, people probably looked at you from the outside thinking, like, Of course, she deserves success. She's so lovable. You know, everyone looks at you in such a different way than what you're feeling inside. It's It's

Sue Bryce | really And you know what? I was a very unlovable person. I needed a lot of validation in a room. I didn't know who I was. I felt like I was always seeking my identity and others.

Sue Bryce | I felt like I was always trying to be part of their energy so I could be more for them So they would like me. I I mirrored people when I was young all the time, their voice, their speech patterns, just to be more likable. I was such a people pleaser because I didn't feel worthy of being my own person. I didn't feel strong enough to be that person. You know, you think about your first self perception.

Sue Bryce | And and when you start to see yourself as, not good enough, and you start to, like, you have an experience that shows you something about yourself or your family identity. And all of a sudden, you just set this little story in your mind and it becomes more of an identity. So I had lots to work through, but when you're really thinking when you really think about those areas, you're just making them better. Like, you're not you don't have to clean out each area. You feel like you have to at first.

Sue Bryce | You you kinda have to go, oh, how am I gonna do this? But Really, you just focus on it with love. This whole area, if you focus on it with love, like, for instance, the relationship, area, the love relationship. I always say you either want a relationship, you wanna reconnect a relationship, right, or you want a deeper relationship. So you've either fallen a little bit in lack with your partner and you wanna re can you bring that love back?

Sue Bryce | Or you don't have love at all and you think there's something wrong with you, Right? Or you have love and now you want, like, a deeper connection. Those three things to me are so important. Never once did I say leave a relationship? Right.

Sue Bryce | Because if you're learning how to love yourself, Whatever your whatever relationship you have right now is the one you believe you're with. You believe you're with that. So if I told you to leave this relationship right now, you wouldn't learn your greatest emotional need is right here in this space. What if you could love yourself more and therefore your partner will feel love and compassion they will be deeply attracted to your energy and light because it's one of self love. And what if you could fill a broken relationship with love.

Sue Bryce | Regardless, if they leave you, that's not the point. The point is is you're not trying to run away from people, you're looking at your reflection back in everyone and loving yourself through it. So I don't want people to disrupt their lives. Loving yourself does not disrupt your life. It enhances it.

Sue Bryce | It makes it better. More people love you, more people connect with you, more people wanna be near you, your family wanna be with you, you know, your lover wants to be with you. It's makes you a better person. It's like falling in love, makes you a better person, makes you wanna show up to love every single day. It's better.

Sue Bryce | Takes away from another human being. If you feel bad or guilty about personal growth, it's because you're saying no, and feeling bad about it. Those are boundaries. You're sitting a boundary, but then you feel bad about the boundary. And if you feel bad about that boundary, you've been big people pleaser.

Sue Bryce | So sometimes that hurdle is just letting go of all the people pleasing and what people think of us.

Nikki Closser | The people pleasing thing, I can almost pinpoint when I was a kid when it started, when I was just going through, you know, Oh, gosh. When my parents were divorced and my family started doing things outside of you know, because we always used to go. Me and my mom and my dad. And my brother, we would all go to these family events together, and we stopped going as a family unit. And sometimes we went and sometimes we didn't, and I started to feel like I wasn't part of this whole family unit anymore.

Nikki Closser | And I was constantly just trying to be a good girl and, you know, make them want to be with me. And it's and it's silly if you think back now. Like, if you're niece or nephew or little cousin is is going through a hard time. It's not that you don't want them there. I was creating this in in my in my mind.

Nikki Closser | Yeah. But I I truly re remember what that felt like and feeling like I wasn't part of the family anymore, and I wasn't wanted. And then it transitioned to feeling like that about my parents and just so much of it. Isn't they? Turn me into people, please?

Sue Bryce | I I'm blown away by how many stories like that. People can vividly bring back into their memory because that means that there was an emotional story there. You felt something stored it into your into your brain with all those emotions attached to it and you felt something really big, you probably don't even know what was going on that day. Inogenically, there's probably something going on that you didn't even you weren't even aware of children is so so attuned to energy.

Nikki Closser | I created this this this idea that because I didn't have this, like, solid family unit anymore. I was, like, nine years old that that no one wanted me anymore and that my friend's parents didn't want them coming to my house because my parents were divorced. I mean, it was this whole thing that I had.

Sue Bryce | Yeah.

Nikki Closser | It's pretty wild to think about. Yeah.

Sue Bryce | I feel like people get the most, stack going through anything. Like, if you were going back through your child, you stuck in your child stories. Right? We talk about that. We're gonna talk about that in video too, actually.

Sue Bryce | But when you get stuck in the stories, it's because there's something there that you hold on to or an identity that you definitely hold on to. People are mostly stuck with these eight areas setting goals because they self and your thinking self and you start in that area and really work out the difference between those voices that are talking in your head you really start to unfold what it is that you really want. And when you unfold what it is that you really want first, you really start to unfold what you don't want anymore. And I feel like people are the most the most shock by what they don't want when they write that out because it is a big part of our day. Right?

Sue Bryce | So then I think the one that we're gonna struggle with the most, mostly women is if you decide to work on your, say, physical body, and make more time for a movement in self care, then if you're gonna take an hour a half out of your day, who do you take an hour a half from? Because a people pleaser will not set a boundary for time. A people pleaser will set a boundary for time and give it away as soon as someone needs that time. Mhmm. More than you.

Sue Bryce | And being that, you make no time for yourself. Being that you make no time for your thought work, for your dreams, for your goals, for your emotional process, for your daily ritual of self value, because you're not moving your body properly, resting your body properly, eating the way you want, just being the way you want. You won't make the time. Now what is time? It's a boundary.

Sue Bryce | It's a boundary of respect that says I must have this time for myself. If I don't have this time, I cannot be an effective parent, boss, human being. It's the time. We can't give ourselves the time and the love because somebody else needs the time and the love. More than we do.

Sue Bryce | And you can't give time and love to your children if you're not coming from a place where you have self love. So I'm like, this is a call to self love. I want I was gonna say, hey. I want you to declare self love. No.

Sue Bryce | If you don't understand this, your children won't learn to love themselves because you're not learning to love yourselves. They will do as you do, not as you say. So you can show up for your babies every single day, set their mood, live their dreams, and build their futures. But they're just gonna do what you did. So I believe that is the call to self love when I can say that to you and frighten you into it.

Sue Bryce | If you don't love yourself, your children won't learn. Mhmm.

Nikki Closser | You sent a quote during the power talks, and I actually wrote it down. I wanna read it really quick. It says self value is the greatest boundary you can set. If I'm not communicating or demonstrating self love, self acceptance, self care, and self respect, how would anyone else know what that boundary is? And I feel like what you just said.

Nikki Closser | That's why I was like, I gotta read

Sue Bryce | this quote. Yeah. If I'm not if I'm not asking for it, if I'm not demonstrating it, how do people know how to treat us? They treat us like we treat ourselves. Can you imagine somebody said something to you that is criticism, painful, or even gave you a feeling of rejection.

Sue Bryce | Maybe they said something horrible to you about your physical appearance or something you did or said, Here's the thing. That is a raindrop compared to what you said to yourself and your head. And you have the audacity to be offended when somebody reflects back at you, the exact words that you say in your head, you're actually upset about it for days, weeks, decades, people can tell me something somebody said to them when they were six years old, that hurt their feelings. Mhmm. And I was like, now they're 46.

Sue Bryce | And I was like, that person is just reflecting back. What's going on in the world. We choose to keep those things as our truth and create an identity around them. So, yeah, self love is the greatest boundary you can set, but mostly it's in the asking and demonstrating of it. You know, people don't bring you to self love.

Sue Bryce | Your children will see you demonstrate self love. I always say this to people even when you're poor. What my mum used to do was she would she got like nail polishes and emery boards and stuff like a little nail kit. And we would all sit and do our nails together. That was just a girl thing we did in our family, me, my sister, my mom, when we were kids, because she taught me things like that that were just basic self care, but we couldn't afford pedis and manicures and going to places like my niece's candy.

Sue Bryce | Like, little queens getting their nails done. And I'm like, I think I got my first pedicure when I was like, 36. So I was like, you know, it is what it is.

Nikki Closser | Why is it Sue that you think sometimes people just don't do it? They just don't do

Sue Bryce | Can't do it. They'll tell you work. They can't do the work. They can't set the boundary. They can't set the boundary for themselves because they're still giving too much away, and that's gonna take a long, long long time to break.

Sue Bryce | What will people think of me? What will people think of me if I start to love myself, Nikki? Like, they're gonna think I'm vain and selfish. That's what I hear the most. What will people think of me if I start to say no?

Sue Bryce | Oh, and when you're a people pleaser, the resentment you have just burns you to the core. What will people think of me if I start to put myself first. I can't put myself first. What will people think of me if I prioritize myself? How dare you?

Sue Bryce | Whose life will be disrupted if I start saying no because I don't wanna do something. Whose life will be the most disrupted here if I love myself more? What all people think of me if I change? What will my family think of me if I change? That's my identity.

Sue Bryce | What if I get rich? I won't be able to hang out with my family if I'm rich. You know, they say things like, oh, you've got money now. It makes me feel bad. Like, you know, what will they say?

Sue Bryce | What will people think of me if I started to believe in my self. What would people think of me if I made big goals? And I had faith in myself, and I started to see them happen. What would people think of me if I really started to love and accept myself for what I am, who I am, how I wanna dress, how I wanna be, who cares what people think of you. It's none of your business and what they think of you right now is what you think of you right now.

Sue Bryce | So if you think you're not good enough, They think you're not good enough. And if you think you're better than yourself and you start to live that truth and be more and see yourself as more authentically, people do 2 things. They are attracted to you like a moth to a lame. Totally. Totally.

Sue Bryce | Or they're envious of you because you're doing what they wanna do. And if they're envious, that's okay because envy is a call to write a goal list and it's a call to self love, and that's just stuck. So if you feel envy, go to video for avoidance. We should be in a place when you when you love who you are and you love your life and you're creating in this life, anything you get in your life just makes me happy. Because I wanna be happy for you in everything you're achieving for yourself, Nikki, because I know that when you tell me you want something, I know you're gonna go get it.

Sue Bryce | I know you're asking for it because you want it. I know you're stepping up to receive it because it's gonna make your life better, dance life, boys life better, You're choosing it for yourself because you actively set goals every single year to do that for yourself. Now I don't look at that and feel envy. I look at that and feel a deep sense of joy for you. So you've got to, when you start doing this work, you've gotta find people They say when you do this work and you start to expand and grow that you lose friends because it's true.

Sue Bryce | You vibrate a little higher and people vibrate away from you some times because they're not learning the same things about money. They're not learning the same things about self value.

Nikki Closser | Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | And your growth will make them feel uncomfortable because it's changed for them, and they don't want that. That's where you can see other people struggle with your own growth. But what's important is that you keep finding people that uplift your conversation. And if you can't uplift a conversation, leave the room. It's that simple if the conversation cannot be uplifted.

Sue Bryce | Get out of there. It's not your conversation. These people are speaking down. They're talking other people down. They're talking themselves down because what you say about me holds more truth about you, so they need South love.

Sue Bryce | Because that is envy, and that is jealousy, and that's competition. And competition is the opposite to creation. So, yeah, when you love yourself and your life, you want everybody to be richer, more abundant, whatever that means for you, more love, deeper meaning more family, more experiences, but I love the way I break down those areas because I want the emotional and the thought work to be the first focus waking up every day and clearing your emotional space so that you can fall in love with your future and make big beautiful goals.

Nikki Closser | I've had people say to me, I've been watching you since you were a social worker, even some of my old coworkers, when I was a social worker, and they're like, you are such an inspiration. So many people truly give me so much love. And and like you said, it's you attract people who want that and who who want you to help people out with that. A little bit

Sue Bryce | of backstory. You started out as a social worker, but, obviously, when I met you 10 years ago, you were earning, like, 48 grand a year and you were doing a social work life and you'd started photography as a side hustle. Most people, when they found me back then, because I was teaching people a monetization of business and self value, would come to me because they liked my work and then they realized I knew how to make money doing it. And most people, I'd say 99.9% of my students came to me with that energy, but then they realized that my big push was being self employed and being self employed is more than just being a paid photographer. Right?

Sue Bryce | Being self employed is a thing because once you learn how to break through to being self employed. I don't think you're ever employable again. You you pretty much could never be an employer yet. You I watched you just grow your income, your life, have children buy houses, and all that stuff. So watching you grow over the last 10 years is extraordinary But I believe what people see when they say that to you is they saw this shy starting photographer suddenly become the face of their brand and then they watched you become more.

Sue Bryce | They watched you, you know, host a, an international podcast. They watched you teach online workshops. They watched you buy more houses than another business. And when people are watching you grow, then you have something because they know then it's not fake, you know, because online people live this fake life. And Yeah.

Sue Bryce | You can feel the authentic ones, the ones that are really living their dreams and living their lives. You actively have done that in the last 10 years. You've actively working up and said, how do I contribute to my life and the life of my children? And that is self love. It's what we're brought to Now I I do wanna just say one thing.

Sue Bryce | We both came from parents who loved us, but the communication of love is sometimes really difficult especially for children. I do say about my dad, and we will talk about that, in video too, but I do say about my dad that it He wasn't abusive. He I just failed to communicate love. So for me, teaching people about their own emotional process and their own thought process brings you to an open communication about love that is demonstrating love, asking for love, And when you do that, you can't help but ask for more in all the other areas, more money, more success in business, more experiences, more environmental things that my family can love and enjoy this house, that trip. Mhmm.

Sue Bryce | You know, these people. And you're just filling each one of those areas with more love and more of what you desire. That's all it is. So yeah, people have seen you literally grow up online like that. They've seen you grow into this life, and you did that.

Sue Bryce | You built that. And we do it every day when we wake up and we just start thinking how we think about ourselves, how we think about our day, how we think our future, how we think about our house, how we think about our life, how we think about our body, because all of those thoughts spark an emotion, So if you're not happy in any of those thoughts, I don't like my body. I don't like my house. I don't like my job. I don't like my partner.

Sue Bryce | Then how would you ever get up and feel anything different? Because you can't grow past your emotional state You can't go past your emotional reaction to anything. So all we're gonna do is check-in with what our emotional self is. What we're focused on in every one of those eight areas. And when you come to this workshop, you unfold every one of those areas so that you know who you are because if you don't know where you begin and you don't know where you end, then everyone just tells you who you are and what you're gonna do, and you end up living everybody else's life, everybody else's dream, everybody else's perimeter, everybody else's limits, limits.

Sue Bryce | There are more limits than other people's dreams. You're more in danger of living a limited life than you are of living somebody else's dream. But that that is so this is gonna be a wild ride because every day I wanna make sure that you get up on a different area and work on a different area.

Nikki Closser | And I know this is a newer workshop to, you know, a lot of the world who taking it, but you've been teaching me this workshop for the last 10 years. I mean, truly, I've I've come through this workshop in the last 10 years, and I just feel such joy and such relief, then I know it, and I love it.

Sue Bryce | And It's a glass ceiling, Nikki. It's a glass ceiling. Every step, every one of those areas, I started to love my body and care for my body, but then there's something else. I started to, you know, value money and give it direction. But then if I don't keep giving it direction, it doesn't grow.

Sue Bryce | So what's the next level of growth there and money? I fell in love and I that was the final piece of my puzzle, but I've still gotta show in love every day to the reflection of that man seeing me back in him. So to me, it was like a glass ceiling. You know what? This workshop did this time after all these years of doing this work?

Sue Bryce | It's I'm working through it myself in writing out this workshop. I have worked through every step. And I keep thinking to myself, I can go further with money. I can go further with my career. I can go further with my physical health.

Sue Bryce | I can go further with a deeper connection with my husband. I can go further with my family. Now I can really do this in free generational wealth in my family and build generational wealth. Each area now has now opened abundantly to more abundance, and I'm the one that has to now step up and say, I've cleared these areas. I've cleared each of these areas, and now I have flow.

Sue Bryce | But if I wanna keep that flow, I've gotta stay focused on the alignment in each of those areas and be excited by them and show up for them every day. So once you start to clear the areas that are giving you pain that you want to avoid, and that feels hard. But don't worry. Once you're clear, you just fill them with love. So maybe you don't have a lot of stuff to clear.

Sue Bryce | Maybe this is about the next step for you is going to the next level in all of these areas of your life, more love, more income, more freedom, you know, more emotional mastery, more family and friends that we want, more environmental situations that just light us up. That is a joyful life. That is self love.

Nikki Closser | Oh, god. It's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. The whole workshop is so beautiful. It's so powerful.

Nikki Closser | It's so important.

Sue Bryce | And thanks for being here. Because I know that everybody that's got to video has gone. I'm gonna do this. And trust me. Self love.

Sue Bryce | Self love is, my brother said something to me once when he had a baby. My big brother said, there's something they don't tell you. He said, I didn't love my daughter when I saw her. He said, I fell in love with her. And he said, it was so intense, this love that he felt for this little baby.

Sue Bryce | And he said, I didn't expect that I would fall in love with her. He said, I thought I would love her. He said, but I would be at work. Like, on a building site, he said, I plant my phone and I just start looking at her photographs because I felt this overwhelming love for her. And I was like, wow.

Sue Bryce | You know, imagine loving something that much. Imagine loving yourself that much. That you just choose it during the day, just go, I love my life, and I love who I am, and I love everything I've created here, and all the people I get to share it with and all the things I get to do and see and be. And we should be in love with our lives. So I was like, let's think about that.

Sue Bryce | And let's build lives that are filled with love.

Nikki Closser | I'm so excited for people who are going through this and just doing all of this work. And I can't wait to hear all of the different stories that that come out of this. I mean

Sue Bryce | I want Nick to have a podcast, guys. I want Nick to have a podcast She's my podcast host, and she took our first podcast to a million downloads in the 1st 2 years. She's such a great host, but I want self value stories. I want people to talk about how they changed their lives with this work because I changed mine. You changed yours I've seen thousands of people change their lives.

Sue Bryce | It doesn't matter how you get to self value. It doesn't matter if you choose to do it through your work. Or your physical body, or some people do it through a love relationship. Doesn't matter which of these areas that you focus on first, Whatever brings you the most amount of value, whichever area you feel the most amount of value in, focus there, and then start filling all those other areas because then you're unstoppable. And any that you're avoiding, it's okay.

Sue Bryce | As you go through why each video, you'll learn why you're avoiding them. And then when they get less emotionally scary, you can start to focus on those areas. But like I said, I focused on these areas first, and I cleared each one one at a time. Now I'm just filling each one up again with more luck.

Nikki Closser | Yep. Awesome. Our next deep dive is identity. This is a really good one. This is one of my favorite ones, I think,

Sue Bryce | of the whole Going back Let's have a look at that childhood. Bring out the ugly thing.

Nikki Closser | I know. It's hard, but it's so so important, and it's so powerful. This is one next one next one, one of my

Sue Bryce | favorite people. Talking about a shame. People say it's hard, but, no, it's not hard. What's hard is looking at the shame and owning that shame. But as soon as you release shame, as soon as you are aware of the shame, you can release it.

Sue Bryce | It's truly released to awareness. It's just the shame you carry in that little dark cloud. No one else can see it. No one knows what the shame is. But you're protecting it because it's the bad thing about you.

Sue Bryce | So once we re just bring it to a witness, bring it to the light. I always say bring it to the light, and it's not shameful anymore. So anything we think that's hard, that that debt is shameful, so I won't go near that money, you know, that rejection was shameful, that experience was shameful. It's just shame. Shame is I'm a bad person.

Sue Bryce | If you believe that, you're gonna stay in shame. And shame is right by rejection. So Let's come up into I wanna create the life I want.

Nikki Closser | Perfect.

Sue Bryce | I love it.

Nikki Closser | Well, thank you, Sue. Thank you, everyone, and we'll be, yeah, we'll be back for the next one.

==== End of Transcript: Deep Dive 01 - What is Self Love? ====
