==== Start of Transcript: 13 Acceptance ====

When you get frustrated that others won't grow, you're frustrated you're not growing yet. It happens to all of us. We start to binge grow because we want to go. We want to go, go, go. And as soon as you're frustrated with somebody else, it's really just showing you it's you.

So the next time someone says, I don't like that person. You can say, oh, why? And when they tell you, you can say, do you do that? And then you lose a whole lot of friends. But you keep all the ones that say yes.

Because they're the best ones. Yeah. It's a real disruptor. Warning. It gets thrown back.

So, you know, I threw that out for a good 4 or 5 years before I monitored what was coming out of my mouth because it started getting thrown back. And then I was like, Maybe that's me. Yes. It's definitely you. It's so effective that when someone else says I don't like them because I started saying, oh, well, I did that once, so I guess I can't throw shade.

Instead of buying into the drama of talking about this person, I would acknowledge that I've done this. I started to say it with anything that that sparked me. I said, oh, yeah. I've been there before. And it stops or gossip.

How can people keep being mean about someone when I just took it straight back to my behavior and said, yeah, I'd done that. I can't throw shade. I've been there. I've done that. And that's how I disabled the gossip around me that I threw away all of those weekly magazines with all the lies and gossets and the ones the beauty magazines that make you feel ugly.

I ban them from my house. I ban them. You know, I'm gonna disable this narrative, and I'm going to lift the conversation in the room, or I'm going to leave it. And if I keep lifting the conversation in the room and the people in the room were not letting me lift the conversation or they would just reboot it back down again, I left the room. And it didn't go back to those rooms because I'd rather sit in rooms where everybody is speaking at full power, and everybody is valuable.

Than sitting there, talking about myself through someone else. Become aware that the negative one is not you. I'm sorry. It's you. Yeah.

Really is you. It's okay. It'll hurt. Because now we get to acceptance. And that's why.

You have to get that out. You have to lift it out and go, when is it? And then acceptance is, oh, when I accept my situation, I can move through it. Acceptance is learning the lesson within yourself. To achieve anything requires change.

The action for change is to change the mind first. Acceptance is what is mental alignment? It's clarity. And what you want with enthusiasm, no resistance, or trapped in an old narrative, no inner monologue, No impairing an old trauma story, no getting stuck in the mind, no emotional addictions, no loops, break those mind loops with acceptance. The hardest thing to hear when you want change and you feel stuck is accept it.

I can't. Change it. I can't, then accept it. For something to be unacceptable is your choice. Unforgivable holds far too much power over you.

You've gotta forgive the wounds you carry. Not the perpetrator, not the person who caused this, not the experience or the situation. Those are in the past. And should only exist as facts as we are detaching from that old emotional turmoil that old story holding this wound of shame, abandonment, betrayal empowers that perpetrator. They are still hurting you on a daily basis, protect the castle now, no part of me could respond to let this trauma go.

I'm sorry. Did you tell me to let go of my identity. Did you just tell me to let go of my obsession? No, you can't let go. You are going through this because you're learning a very big lesson.

And until you do not need this lesson anymore, until you accept the lesson here and learn the lesson within yourself, it will stay active because you are bringing it to your focus every day to learn from it. The question is how long will you stay in this drama? And pain, and how quickly can you break the mind loop out of it? Don't try to let go. You can't let go of fear.

You can't let go of my thoughts, my feelings. They are in the car. They don't leave. You can let go of self hate. You can let go of self doubt.

You can let go of all the horrible, old stories, but fear my thoughts, my feelings stay in the car. Change them. You don't let go of them. Don't try and run away from the emotion. Don't numb the emotion.

That's avoidance. What you're trying to do what you're trying to do is stay in the car, listen, and then make an informed decision as the driver, separate fact from old story, Forgiveness is when you can let it be. It's still there. The story's still there. Just stop telling it.

Stop bringing it into your focus every day. Stop making it your drama story. Stop making it your focus. Stop telling the story. Leave it be.

Stop picking the scab. You pick it, and it bleeds again. Yeah. I'm You picked that. You picked it.

You woke up and you there it goes. You know, when you grow up when you grow up in the culture that I grew up in, you learn this really, really incredible, ancient traditional Hawaiian forgiveness ritual called And it's so transformative. And if you don't know what this means, I'm gonna give you a great gift It's not even my gift to give. It's the greatest gift. This is how you acknowledge your part in everything.

So to explain what it is, having other people acknowledge our feelings is a universal need. So in, you must first acknowledge that wrongdoing exists. Wrong doing exists. That's your first acknowledgement, which is a way of acknowledging these feelings. Only then, will it be possible to find it in your heart to forgive someone else or yourself?

To practice or take a deep breath and with your eyes closed? Slowly repeat these 3 phase sorry, these phases to yourself. Close your eyes. I'm sorry. Please forgive me.

Thank you. I love you. I'm sorry? Please forgive me. Thank you.

I love you. In the final step of Hoopupumpon. You acknowledge love, both of yourself and the person you want to heal with. It doesn't matter if that person is the perpetrator and you're the victim. You heal with someone because you have a joint connection energy with them.

You have to heal that energy. That's why if you don't, if you re empower that story, you re empower that story, that drama, and that perpetrator into your life every day, and that perpetrator gets to rule your life. And you may never see this person ever again for as long as you live, and they're in control of it because they are in your mind every single day, and you cannot let go of this person. You have to let them be. You have to let the wound be.

You have to stop picking the wound they gave you because every time you pick that wound, you bleed and that person comes back at full power into your life. And even when you think it's all them, you will find that you are right there in the middle, receiving all of that wound, carrying that wound empowering that wound. You are contributing energetically to the situation and also understand this regardless of what you think anyone else did to you. Regardless of what you believe happened or what you hold is your wound. If it hurts you, it's now your problem.

If you have shame, it's your problem because it's affecting you. You may never see this perpetrator ever, ever again, and you will carry this wound for them. And this pain until the day you die, or you can forgive yourself. The most famous quote, and it starts with my mother once told me and it's anonymous. And my mother did not tell me this quote, but it is an incredible quote, and I love it to bits, and it says this.

My mother once told me I can tell you over and over to leave this situation, but you won't until you are ready. One day, you'll wake up and realize that this isn't what you want to feel like anymore, and you will be done. Make it tomorrow. These are the keys to the kingdom. Is your learning the secret to creating?

This new life, this new you, is your emotional processing, how you wake up every day. Because if you're waking up in yesterday's emotions or decades of emotions, we need to do some acceptance and forgiveness work. Like, processing my thoughts and my emotions, those three year olds, is my job every morning. The faster I can get these 2 under control, quiet up this dude in the back, stay quiet. No girlfriends.

Keep this one quiet. Keep these 2 calm, listen to them, but not believe them. That's emotional mastery. And I'm gonna show you how I get up every day and walk through it. So self love is acceptance, self respect is to honor yourself, self care is a commitment you make.

Self soothing is the grace you give yourself when you need some kindness. Imbalance. Self talk is your power and creativity. Reflection work is all awareness. Just coming to awareness of what you're seeing reflected back at you in all the situations that you have around you as soon as you can come to awareness and then come to acceptance.

Acceptance is forgiveness is love. Now I wanna take you to the next level of acceptance. And that's how powerful this awareness you are developing is. You are starting to challenge and disable that inner monologue You can start to separate. No.

You're not gonna separate. You're gonna kick old story straight out of that car. And I challenge you to block self hate. Like, I'm not suggesting it. I'm challenging you to kick her to the curb.

So far that you can weaponize yourself against this beast. Do it right now. Self hate does not get in your car, ever, ever again, if you see it, stop it right now. Protect the castle. Self hate doesn't belong with you.

It's not along for the ride. That's just an add on. Kick it to the curb. Now see it for the monster it is. It's not you.

The next level is processing these emotions and experiences with new eyes. Like, how do I see me now perceive me now, treat me in all of these areas. Suddenly, self awareness, self acceptance, and emotional mastery is overcoming your story. Overcoming that old story just to reframe that old narrative and see yourself in a new light so you can write a new story and attract new things It's about taking control of how you process your emotions and your self perception. It's about setting life goals with intense self love.

You know, because when we do anything with intense self love, we get confidence and clarity on the path forward and our hearts are open and connected. So stress, guilt, shame, rejection, earning, worry, self pity, envy, these all ignite big bad reactions, big bad feelings in the body, but these emotions are reactive states. They are secondary to all the primary emotions Your thoughts in the state in which you dwell is the fuel of creating and attracting anything, even a better mood, thoughts held in any focus for a fair a period of time manifest in the positive or the negative. But once you've connected a memory, and a pain and a narrative. It's now efficiently filed under fear and evidence of everything that I don't have in my life folder in your brain.

And then you revisit that horrible folder all the time just to get more evidence by giving it main stage And the more evidence shows up, and this is now a belief because anything you focus on just keeps coming to fruition. Now you've gotta flip that focus into something you truly want. And then you gotta get trapped in all those emotions, but you're not. You're actually in a if you look at alignment, your mind thinks your emotions feel instead of going to your heart and your focus, you went back to your mind again. And now you've created a dialogue.

Between my thoughts and my emotions in the front seat, neither of them are talking to you.

==== End of Transcript: 13 Acceptance ====