==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 02 - Choose Your Pain ====

So I'm gonna hit you with a pretty big one right off the bat. This this one's gonna hurt because there's absolutely no point talking to you about the weather. I'm not a fear weathered friend. Okay? I'm not Susie Fairweather.

You don't call me. I'm not the Fairweather person. I'm the person when you walk into my house and you say, I say how you doing, you say fine, I say how you're really doing. And I don't talk about I don't I don't small talk. I wanna hear about dreams and fears.

I wanna hear about goals. I wanna unlock your hugeest potential. That's who I am. So I'm not gonna talk to you about the weather. I'm gonna talk to you about this.

I do not believe that you choose joy. I now have come to know that what you choose when you decide to change something is you're choosing pain, and I'm gonna explain why. We do not gauge our day by how much joy we feel. We gauge our day by how much pain we feel. And to me, when you feel that pain, that is going to measure how much further you are going to go.

And I'm going to explain this to you. I kind of jumped over the slide. I should come back to it. This here is something I drew in the year 2000 when I was lying in my bed recovering from that surgery. I called an anguish for want of a better word that was how I felt.

And as I started to come out of my anguish, I realized that this book was telling me I was not only filled with bitterness. I was not only filled with gangrene and a lack of enthusiasm to love myself, this book was telling me it was my fault. And suddenly I could not blame a single person for the situation I was in, not my health, not my wealth, not my success, not my career, not my relationship. The only person that needed to take responsibility was me. You see, if you choose growth or success or say independent, Let's say you want to get divorced.

Let's say you want to move out from your family home. Let's say you want to cut off a parent. Let's say you want to start a business Let's say you want to lose weight. Let's say you want to move to another country. Everything that happens to you in that moment is not going to happen with joy.

Everything that comes up in this moment is the pain you're going to experience. So let me let me show it to you. Let's say you choose to start a business, but you can't put yourself out there. Do you suddenly know what pain you're about to be faced with? You're about to go through the pain of change and growth, but you asked for it.

So every single time you go to put yourself out there, going to be terrified, hurt, frightened, rejected, knocked back, you're going to be fearful, you're going to stay at home, you're gonna lose income, you're gonna have a tipping point, you're gonna be pushed into a corner, and the whole time you were like, I just wanted to start a business. And it's like, yes, and in order to get to the next level, this is the pain you have to go through. So I say choose your pain. I say you're not here to choose what joy you want. You don't want a successful business.

You want to grow. You don't want to leave this country and go and live in another country. You're going to know what it feels like to feel isolated. Alone, without your tribe, without your family, miles away from home if something goes wrong. You are going to learn what it feels like to have no one, to start again to make new friends.

You're going to get put down, you're gonna get rejected, you're gonna feel hurt, you're gonna feel lonely, and there will be day when you just want to go home, but your mind said let's move to this fabulous country. You weren't prepared for the pain that was gonna come up around it. You're going to leave a relationship a relationship you believe is done, old, and finished, and you're going to suddenly realize there's no financial support on the other side. There's no emotional support on the other side. There's no support of any kind on the other side.

There's may be judgment from your friends, division of your tribe, you're going to realize that suddenly you have to be fully self sustaining, but that was not what you thought when you left, all you wanted was to be free. So we walk from pain to pain constantly. We're constantly choosing a pain because we try to choose joy, but it doesn't work like that. You will be as successful as the amount of pain you're willing to enjoy. When I heard that quote, I was like, that doesn't make sense.

So here's the thing. 5 years ago, I couldn't speak to a room of twenty people, and now I addressed 1000, tens of 1000. And the pain that I had to go through to get there was horrendous. But the most amazing thing about that pain is I chose it. I wanted the result, and I was prepared to accept the pain to get to it.

So what is the result you want? And are you prepared to get through the pain to get it. Okay. So let's put our dream over here, and then let's let's just without being too psychic, try and think of all the pain you're going to get confronted with, you need to be okay with the pain. Because there is no destination.

Like, there is no, like, I'm gonna get through this pain, and then there'll be no pain. In fact, the more successful you get, the more pain comes up in equal abundance. The more I put myself out there, the bigger the rejection, The more I put myself online, the bigger the criticism, the more I put myself out there, the bigger people may say me, put me down, argue with me, but then the more I get paid, the more I share, the more I can give the world, I they come together. I get the good ones and the bad ones, and you're a group. It's called Humanity.

And it's a perfect balance, and so we're all trying not to have pain. And the pain is actually stopping you from getting anywhere because you're so afraid of pain that you're not moving. And this is the most amazing part I did a talk about fear. Remember the talk about fear? I thought it was the best thing I ever did.

Until I realized in that moment, there is no fear. There is no tiger in the room. I'm not running for my life, It is not a fight or flight situation. I am projecting anxiety to a situation that has not happened yet into my body and into my life, and I am in a disempowered state. That is not fear.

That is pain. And the amount of pain that I'm gonna feel in that moment is in direct proportion to the amount of pain that I'm holding onto from my past and the story I'm telling on a regular basis. Because some people carry a whole lot more pain than others, and some people just carry a little bit of pain, but we're all terrified of having any pain. And so when I say choose your pain, I need you to decide what the pain is that you want because I don't want you to decide what the joy is. You're gonna get both, and it's the pain you're gonna run from.

You don't run from joy. Nobody runs from joy. Nobody's terrified of joy. We love joy. She's great, but pain is horrible.

It is easier to stay in no misery than it is to seek unknown joy. Do you believe that that we live like that? Better the devil you know, right? Better the devil you know than the my grandmother used to say that. Better the devil you know, that's safety.

There's safety in the devil you know, that is a known pain. If you know pain, stay there. You will not get more. And I find that extraordinary that we're living our lives too afraid to feel pain.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 02 - Choose Your Pain ====
