==== Start of Transcript: 10 Community ====

When it comes to community, when it comes to family, when it comes to social, you know, your friends, your network. I put this all in one vertical because ultimately you're going to discover It's not actually about any of those people. It's all about you. So now that we deep dive, when we go through community, We're looking at the self perception we see in our community reflected back, like who are we, what do we have, what is my self perception around this. And in community, we've got family, we've got friends, we've got social.

All families are uniquely dysfunctional. All families are uniquely dysfunctional. And the first thing I can say about a family is all families need healthy boundaries, like really healthy boundaries. And if you do not need to set any healthy boundaries with your family, you're probably the one they need to set boundaries with. Telling you right now, you're the one.

So now we're exploring our self perception. We receive love. We ask for love. We demonstrate our love boundaries through the filter of our past, you can see the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. And love is acceptance, and we are tribal people.

We are belonging. We're human. Okay. Belonging is to is to survive, acceptance meant survival to be rejected from the tribe is to be banished outcast and die alone. We know this.

It is in our biology to not wanna be rejected. The primary love relationship in this community creates more children. And then the survival of the tribe when we get out of survival, water, food, and shelter, when we built communities, we thrived and survived. And when we were safe and sheltered and fed, That's when our brains expanded. Nothing grows in the survival brain.

So all the other relationships in the community are social bonding. Why do we socially bond because you know that if that primary love relationship casts you out, you will survive in the tribe because you bonded with secondary relationships all the way around you. That's in our nature to stay with our family and get friends. Because when we don't have a good family, we have better friends. That's called urban family.

You make that family This family exists here in this vertical of community, family, urban family, social, friends. This is your community. And when you are in that primary relationship, you've got bonding in other areas, you know, this is where our communities grow. I love reading about our brain evolution at its core. We have this ancient animal brain that's so basic and this emotional network that is so complex And whenever I'm learning or studying any behavior that confused me, I just took it to biology every single time because you're so hard wired biologically to survive, So it made me look at fear in terms of biology.

It made me look at all of these emotions in terms of biology. And as I talked about it in identity through that filter of my past, then the family unit and the social curators in charge set your course, but now it's you that looks back and writes your origin story. What did you become because of this path? Maybe that was the whole point that you walked this path, and now you're standing here like me. It's easy to accept when you understand.

And if you were a child, Whatever you were born into, whether it was a loveless home, whether you perceived it that way, or an abusive home, or a seemingly normal home, that you never felt like you belonged in. So the origin story you tell right now sets the course And you're in charge of the story now. So how are you showing up in your family unit? Do you need to sweep the front porch and set some fresh boundaries? Is there healing and forgiveness work to be done here?

It is okay to emancipate from family members. You do not have to go through this life connected to abuse or chaos or pain. That is not yours. You do not. Take time in this emancipation to heal, to leave a relationship.

That his tribe is not to reject them. It's to save you. You are not banishing them. You are saving yourself. Leaving a situation does not change the fact the emotion comes with you.

You can only leave this relationship when you come to a place of emotional healing inside you. And even if the person you never see them again, you will still burn for them you will not come to a place of healing until you come to a place of healing emotionally inside you. My parents both came from fractured home, My dad's dad died when he was fifteen, and my, grandmother was set on a bad course after that. They lost a lot. And my mom's It came from a very abusive mum.

And because my parents came from a fractured home, they met at fifteen years old and formed a family bond that was unbreakable. Because my 2 little kid parents needed to be little together and be a unit. And that 55 years together, they were so tight in that unit, and they built that because of their own bad stories. And because of my mom and dad having that loss, I got the most beautiful mother. And my beautiful mother was abused by her mother, and because of that, my mother was an angel to me.

And I got this angel mother, but the woman I loved so much was abused by this other woman that I hated. But, you know, how lucky for me? My mom taught me something profoundly life changing. In spite of the way she was raised, My mother demonstrated self love, self acceptance, self care. She looked after herself, even when we had no money, It was the way she treasured her morning coffee.

It was a ritual. She had these things that were hers that she loved, and I noticed that as a child. And I am lucky enough in my lifetime to be loved by many families. Like, I love families. I have my best friend's family.

They're like, mom and dad to me. And my best friend to my mom and dad. My husband's family, incredible, tight family. They embraced me. I'm love families.

I love to find families, and I become part of them. Like, I just adopt myself into people's families. I call mom and dad, mom and dad, as soon as they tell me I can, which is usually in the first day. And for some reason, people really like adopting me too, so it's cute. So I love it, and I will always look for families because I'm always looking to cultivate a sense of belonging.

As a parent, you are now the social curator Do you say I wish I had my kid's life? Do your kids have a way better life than yours? Right? Why? Be careful.

Be careful you're not giving your child the life you missed out on. It might not be what they want. Or do you think? I wonder if they'll need therapy. Understand what is law when you are removed or disconnected from your family unit.

It's identity. That's all. And belonging, which is important, and attachment, kind of important. Who am I? Where do I belong?

Am I even lovable am I alone in this world? Who will support me? And for most people in this world, still in their family unit, they don't experience commitment loyalty or honor in their families. So maybe what you're craving is not even in families around you. And what you're craving that commitment loyalty and honor actually comes inside you from inside you to yourself.

And this is why we create our identity. It's for belonging, so we know who we are. And that's our commitment to ourselves and the life we love to share it and the people we love, and we honor that in our desire, and we live and love ourselves fully. The will to live. The will to live and the will to love the self play huge roles in our lives.

Right? And yet, we don't really nurture these 2 states. So you have to have something to look forward to. You have to have someone to care for. Someone or something.

Right? Someone to love makes us get out of bed every morning. It makes us live longer, fuller with deeper connections, and more of that yummy yummy belonging. Go there.

==== End of Transcript: 10 Community ====