==== Start of Transcript: 15 Boundaries ====

We're trying to learn how to process all of this so that we can get to our alignment, which is what we really want in our lives. Boundaries. Words of power, speaking up and speaking my truth, being unable to validate my emotions and speak up myself, stand up for myself, got me into the pickle I was in because I didn't level respect myself. I could not communicate anger or healthy, loving boundaries. I had no boundaries for fear of hurting people and driving them away, and that's just straight out.

People pleaser gross. Know the difference between a boundary and an ultimatum. An ultimatum is an uncompromising demand and a last chance. A boundary comes from love, and vulnerability and a feeling of safety that your feelings are valid. It's a call for respect that must be answered with self love and self respect from you to your our first.

To listen to the energy of your words or other people's words, words are powerful. Mostly I started to listen to my own. With intention. I started to listen to my own words. I started to speak with intention.

I started problem solving solution focus has stayed present always in this energy and feeling. And it's always bringing this energy and feeling So just sit in it and observe it. And then ask yourself. Why am I focusing on this in a negative way and clear the energy? That's how I learned about boundaries.

What you allow for yourself and how you ask how you show up is the boundary. You're demonstrating it. You know, we say ask for, but you're not actually verbally asked. You can ask god. You can ask the universe to provide for you, but asking is how you're showing up, how you're asking for anything that you're bringing back to you.

So for me, it was about demonstrating a love boundary. What I read about changed. What I watched changed, the conversations I was having changed, the people I was attracting started to change. And because of that, the people in my life changed. And, yes, sometimes you outgrow people and you have to unfollow them in real life.

And lots of times, they grow with you. But you're not there to make others do the work. Are you? Because you're there to do the work and those that follow follow. You have to let go of the ones that are not ready to follow yet.

I love talking about money with my friends and with my staff. The conversation, this open dialogue, learning to say no to money leaks for people who take your money and your time, putting up those big boundaries. The way to confront anybody that makes you feel uncomfortable about saying no is this. It's to take full responsibility of the problem before you present it to the person. Money boundaries.

I am not able to give you money right now. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. Thank you. I love you.

That's it. Same with time. I am not able to give you my time today. I'm sorry. Please forgive me.

Thank you. I love you. You do not need to explain to anyone, ever. Why you are protecting your physical, mental, emotional, spiritual, or financial, or material well-being? These are yours.

Get some healthy self care boundaries. Say no, and don't feel bad. Say no, and don't feel bad. But you do feel bad, don't you? People, please.

You feel real bad, don't you? People, please, stop calling me. People, please. So we'll stop being 1. People, please, well, you're seeing it.

So you're probably being it. Shut up. I am a people pleaser. Damn it. That's why I see it.

You can be a people pleaser and not give yourself away. I learned that too. Just like I like spending money. I like saving money, but I also like spending money. So I worked out.

I just have to be busier and more successful because I like both those things. So I also like pleasing people, but I also like to have boundaries. So now I learned I can have both. I just love it. I I learned how to please people, but get paid.

If you have someone that always breaches your boundaries, tell them. You feel out of balance. That's all you have to say is I feel out of balance. I feel I acknowledging my control my response, my responsibility, explain it to them with full responsibility. You are the people, please, sir.

You're the doormat. So what do you think people expect from you when you always say yes and you're the doormat? You think that people are taking from you and you feel resentful towards them, but you're the one saying yes. So, you know, the doormat is you. So we need to talk.

Hey. I feel like we're out of balance. I've been people pleasing. And I'm not making time for myself. And it's making me really resentful.

I'm so sorry. That I'm suddenly setting this boundary on you when I've always been available for you. But I really need to do this for me. I'm sorry. Please forgive me.

Thank you. I love you. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. Thank you.

I love you. You don't even have to say that to them. You say that to yourself. That's the healing. You just acknowledge your pattern.

You're not blaming somebody for taking advantage of you. You've said yes to them for so long. They don't know they're taking advantage of you. So when someone said something that triggers you or butt hurts you, you can remove yourself and you can address it. And if you can't, you can ask a time to process it, you can say I'm going to need some time to process that.

Can I come back to this conversation? Or if you got butt hurt in hindsight and then you go back, you can say, is it okay if we talk about what happened yesterday? I reacted to what you said. I got really angry, and I think I need to work through something. I Or I had to remove myself yesterday when you said that to me.

I got really upset, and I realized I was angry. When I processed it, I realized I was really angry at my self, and I was angry at you for bringing it to my attention. This is something I have not wanted to look at for a long time, and I'm really struggling with it. Do you feel confronted right now? No.

Cause I'm taking all the responsibility for my energy. That's how you confront everybody. I'm only saying, I'm sorry. Thank you. I love you.

I forgive you for my forgive me from my energy. Not yours. I can't control you. So this is the mirror work. I own the emotion.

I'm not blaming you. I am owning my part in this. You are opening up in vulnerability and seeing why. Why did perceive this experience with pain and old story. I'm sorry.

Please forgive me. Thank you. I love you. Everything can be healed with a mirror and an ancient ritual forgiveness. When you when you have come to a place of value, and trust in yourself and your emotions are safe in your transmitting confidence and self assurance.

You can disrupt the confrontation as it's escalating. Which I can do now by staying calm and saying, why are you speaking to me this way? You can deescalate anger. And if you don't get pulled into the reaction, you can ask someone why they are speaking to a certain way and disrupt that kind of confrontation and anger. And it doesn't matter that their behavior is triggering you, If you're being triggered, it's your filter.

So take ownership of your emotions. Be yours. They're affecting you. And when you said this, you can say, when you said this, I felt immense shame. I know where it comes from now.

It's about coming to any confrontation in a full place of responsibility. I can't change you. I can't blame you. I can only look at the filter in which I heard experienced that and process it myself. Do not expect an apology.

The goal of forgiving someone is not that they then apologize back to you. You're not responsible for other people's emotions and actions, and they are not responsible for yours. Ask for help. When you ask for support, you have to have ownership of the problem already. Otherwise, you're asking someone else to take the problem from you.

And nobody does that. So also have some solutions in your mind that are ready to go to develop or that you can come to acceptance and therefore responsibility to change it. Your future is on your shoulders. So forgiveness, take ownership when someone can't look you in the eye. When someone can't keep eye contact with you, you need to apologize for something.

And how you confront that when it's their drama, not yours, is that I do or say something to offend you. Did I do or say something that I need to apologize for? Don't say what's wrong. Cause then you put it on them, and you hurt them, and you don't know why you hurt them. So find out why.

And you can say with what through which filter did you hear that? And your partner might say, my dad spoke to my mum like that, or my, you know, you're gonna hear a filter, and then you'll understand how they responded. But you can only dare elate somebody if you stay completely calm and out of emotion, that's very hard to do in confrontation. So when you're doing the confronting, it really comes down to the fact that you take full responsibility for this problem and this drama, and then let that person come to the energy of what it meant to them, but don't expect it. I believe wholeheartedly in the power of affirmation, but words alone don't shift negative emotion.

Affirmations don't shift negative emotion. The ability to raise one's value in any room. No affirmation. We'll do that. It doesn't matter what you say.

If you don't act with value, it doesn't matter what you're saying, you've got to believe it. Affirmations work is power statements for gratitude. So when something that you love has been received, you make affirmations around the gratitude. That is gratitude as affirmations. Think of affirmations more as a added gratitude that something's been received.

So energy something has been received is like, well, I really wanted this new, I really wanted this new business, this new place for my business, or something, just something. And then you finally receive it, and it's what you wanted. Okay. And then every single day, you look at this and you're receiving this, the longer you stay in the joy of receiving this, the longer you enjoy it, then the more you're going to get. So I speak affirmations then.

I'm seeing it. Like, I'm believing it. It's starting to come to fruition. I'm seeing what I'm building. It's happening and it's getting exciting.

And I start to go, oh, things are happening. Oh, I can feel the energy. I can feel the magic. Oh, I can feel it. I can feel it.

And I know but those affirmations are just fluffing up my energy to keep coming back to that mind, that emotion, that heart, and that focus. I'm just keep cycling on up, and I just keep on going. Do I still get stuck? Yes. But affirmations work is power statements for gratitude.

Try and remember that when you have received something you really want, you must speak out that gratitude. It is so powerful. When you're in your flow and your energy and it's affirming and it's validating and it's positive and you can see evidence and you're growing and you're changing and you're becoming more, in this positive state, affirmations are like just explosions. They're so joyous because you're already seeing it. So the affirmation is really just affirming more of it, and that's super exciting.

And this energy is so powerful And if you can hold that focus for as long as possible of joy, your path forward gets 10 times faster, magically. Words are power. Words are power. Use them wisely. So we do have this illusion that you have to be happy all the time.

Like that you're trying to find happiness. People aren't happy all the time. And if they are they're drunk, They're not. They're just at best, you have peace of mind. You feel nothing.

You just feel calm. That's what you're trying to get to. I'm not trying to find happiness. You're not trying to find perfection. Nibana is in the simplicity of letting go of that attachment to suffering.

So peace of mind No resentment, no earning, no suffering. Just beautiful. Affirmations don't work to counter. Intense emotions. So fear and anxiety worry, get shame, guilt, self pity, yielding, suffering, rejection, no amount of affirmations is gonna change the feelings to those.

The 7 emotions that arise when people perceive that their relational value To others is low, and they feel it, include hurt feelings, jealousy, loneliness, shame, guilt, social anxiety, and embarrassment. So other emotions such as sadness and anger, they come up. They occurred during rejection episodes. But all those other emotions, the hurt feelings, the jealousy, the loneliness, the shame, the guilt, the social anxiety, and the embarrassment, they are secondary emotions. And what happens is that secondary emotion came from the story you assigned to this experience in memory.

And then the secondary emotion came up. And it's one of those big ones. And here's my emotions going, ain't it? Guilt? And you're like, what?

Who do we get there? Listen. Listen. You know? Because now you've assigned that story.

And it'll keep coming back with fear. I was reading a Dale Carnegie book about how he was teaching a public speaking class in his early years. And he ran out of content on the 2nd day, so he announced at break that they would all be doing their first public presentation right now today. Of course, they all screamed and said, no. Pandemonium ensued.

What will we talk about? We are unprepared. And he decided to pick the subject and said something that makes you feel upset. You wouldn't believe it. Every single one of these people got up there one after another and nailed that talk.

When people had conviction, when they had spent a lot of time and bandwidth focused on a problem, Can you imagine the confidence which with which they could deliver this 10 minute rant? Now fast forward, almost a 100 years, and now we have Facebook. Facebook is like money. It makes you more of what you already are. It gives us all a stage and a microphone and an audience.

Now we're gonna add polarizing belief systems, systemic racism, misogyny, a very reactive culture, and the ability to post a thread and waste all of our lives for 24 hours of gas lighting. Let's add an algorithm that is designed to promote our rage. Not because it's actually programmed to do so, but because we've commented so much, on this polarizing thread. We've clicked back on it and read every comment. And every time we click back on that post, 2 days later, 3 days later, 4 years later, you're bringing it back to the top of the feed and you're telling Facebook, this is the most popular algorithm, share it now.

We've liked it. We've disliked it. We've gone up against other comments. We've answered. We've gone back.

We've gone forward. We're in anger. We're chart. Now we're calling names. We're bullying people.

We're blocking people. It's hilarious. Everybody's getting gaslit. Everybody's losing time. We are practically paying to promote the drama because we're literally wasting our time on it.

So if you don't like something, report it or unfollow. And block, but don't promote it. An algorithm that is designed to promote our rage, not because that's what it's programmed to do, but because that's where we spend all of our time and it's because we're just so angry. Time boundary. Is it really?

Time. When it comes down to making that time for you, making that time for your future, making that time for your body, for your business, for your dreams, for your life, when you think of making that time, is it really time that's the boundary? It's not because you can give your time when you're in a full state of love. You can give your time all day. But when you can't give your time, when you don't want to give your time, you must stop giving your time.

So that time boundary, that time you make for yourself? I don't think it's time. I think it's really you. You find time for what you love.

==== End of Transcript: 15 Boundaries ====