Content Curator Video 6


SALES SYSTEM
Sales is under the umbrella of Marketing


So is Advertising Promotion Publicity Public Relations & Networking and they used to be individual AGENCIES now thats in a nutshell our SOCIAL MEDIA


Sales System:  Setting up a sales system in your business starts with Clarity!


When you can describe it, simply and clearly. When you can feel it. That clarity you see people NOTICE you will be DOING it not talking about it. 


You can’t MARKET it 
UNTIL you can sell it.
You can’t sell it UNTIL 
you can MARKET it


When you can demonstrate it’s value, prove it’s value, show it’s value. 
I am telling you when you can FEEL the VALUE everyone can too. MAGIC


What do you DO? What do you offer? Why is it valuable?
You create an Experience, a service, a Product of VALUE and an Offer of VALUE 


Marketing is Brand Clarity that communicates, connects and creates desire  . . . then show that connection around that service, product and experience. 


Sales systems are booking systems, payment systems which is MOMENTUM of $ through your business. Deposit paid - product made, deliver and finalize payment.


You might see this as your Production system or Service system but it’s really the foundation of your selling system and then the system to book clients and deliver on that product and service 


A marketing system is clarity
A booking system is setting expectations 
A sales system commitment & equal exchange
A customer service system is connection
A networking system is Referrals + Relationships


These are systems of confidence the more you develop them the more confident you become, then the more you infuse them with value the more abundant they become. 


BUT its more than that the sales system means you're taking money and delivering on the equal exchange.


E-commerce System: The Physical act of creating the systems in your website from Store to Checkout to payment to download of your product or booking for service. It truly is PUTTING a price on it. Putting a product  there putting my self out there.


Until that system is locked in with clarity and an offer of value you are just talking, not selling / promising not delivering and not booking because there is no NEXT STEP for them to take. 


Sales comes down to a Yes or No 
NO matter how uncomfortable the silence is in between. Make an offer stop talking, the next person who talks is buying it. 


Add SEO and Pixel tracking here especially to your lead gen and sales page track the data of the people that are coming to your platform. Make this system WORK FOR YOU. 


Let’s talk TECH CHECKLISTs/Maps  
What’s the TECH What the learning curve?


A WORKSHOP In-Person you Record or Live stream.


VIDEO SERIES Set, sound + video
+COACHING SYSTEM Set, sound + video
PODCAST Sound (Video opt)


No tech for downloadable DIGITAL PRODUCTS Just Copyright + Copy edit


REELS - Phone / Editing Apps




TECH or OUTSOURCE:
Building a Set for Video/Audio.
Lighting: Natural, Ring, Constant.
Camera: Phone DSLR Production team webcam
Mic TECH recording audio.
Sound Editing
Video recording.
Video editing.






Camera / Phone / WebCam / DSLR
My Ring Light / My Aputure light
Natural light with reflector
My Phone mic / Shure mic / Mic Stand
Teleprompter / No TP
Keynote Remote: Clicker vs Pedal
DSLR adaptor
DSLR Battery
Rug / Sound blankets
Audio panels


Producer Content Producer Line Producer
Event coordinator / Production assistant this producer is MOMENTUM and MANAGEMENT


Hero | In the wild | BTS
Picture in Picture
Vertical Keynote




Brand MAP Website/Social 


Brand Identity Clarity Mission Vibe Focus Promise Invitation Connection Intention
Your Name How do you Star in this brand = YOU Explained simply.
Brand Category: What category does your brand / Content belong Examples: Business, Creative, Self Development, Craft…
Pick an Industry/Audience: Who is it for? Who is it not for?
Function/Product/Service: PP PS DP DS
Bio 3x3 + Brand Bio YOU the Brand Story
SYSTEMS Sales/e-commerce, marketing, booking, networking / referrals + relationships, customer service 
PHOTO Branding Speaker + Product Stills
VIDEO Product, Craft video / Brand Story / Speaker Reel / Sales video
Marketing Connect your Social triangle / Name - linktree
Visual Brand Colors Style Font Logo