==== Start of Transcript: Self Value 11 - Bring it Back to You ====

I am going to keep bringing it back to you because it affects you, then you're you're doing it. Okay? If somebody attacks you, if somebody criticizes you, if somebody trolls you, it's something you did. Okay. And that's hard to hear.

So let me break it down and tell you why I believe that mirroring is that answer to all growth. We've become this egocentric protagonist in our own story. Okay? So we're the we're the biggest ego, protagonist in our own movie that's playing out, and everybody that does something to you, everybody that criticizes you, everybody that hurts you is doing that to you. This is happening to you.

And the bigger the victim you are, the more pain you have, the more you feel like you are being victimized. Now how many of you have been there done that? You just feel like you're getting hit all the time. You're getting criticized. It's not fear.

You know, you're the protagonist in your own story. You're the egocentric protagonist. It's all about me, me, me, me, me. If you're prepared, this is one of the most mind blowing statements. If you are prepared, to look at everybody.

Everybody's reaction as a reflection of what they are going through and nothing to do with you, it would change the world. And yet we seem unable to do this. We seem unable to look at everybody else and say, you're angry at me. No. Take the me away.

You're angry. Okay. Wow. Something I'm doing is making you angry. That's not anything to do with me.

And yet, we don't separate ourselves because if your anger at me hurts me or criticizes me or puts me down or makes me feel less or disempowers me, I'm fifty-fifty in this energy. Now let's say you strike out at me out of anger and nothing you say hurts me. Like, it's just, oh, wow. She just misdirected her anger at me, and and I didn't feel anything. I am not part of the equation.

I will not lose sleep over it, and not I will not be thinking about it in 30 years. I will not be making a Facebook post about it. And I will not be ringing all my friends. I will literally forget about it. But if you attack me and it upsets me, I ring my friends, I Facebook it, I post about it, it's my problem.

Yes, you're angry, but there's something about you being angry at me that has upset me. So this is what I teach people, and it's probably one of the hardest things to accept is when somebody is doing something, to separate the them and the you out of it and only own your part in it. Okay. It is a very very, very hard thing to accept. Now you are constantly looking at how people are looking at you.

Sure, you walk into a room and you're gauging everybody in the room by how they are looking at you. Okay. So if they're looking at you like this, yeah, you're like, I look good. If they're looking at you like this, you're like, jealous. If they dismiss you, they didn't wanna borrow me.

They didn't ask me a single question. If they're rude, if they ignore you, how rude was she? Like, it was like, we weren't even there. Me, me me me me. You're the protagonist.

You're the you're the you're the egocentric protagonist in your whole story, and here's the best part. It is not how people see you because you're not a mind reader, you're seeing them watch you, through the filter of your own mind. So what you think of me? I've already decided. By how you're looking at me and how I have read it, my own brain.

No differently than when you service clients, and you wanna sell to them, and they hesitate. They hesitate when you mention price, they could just be thinking, alright, I can pay for that this month, or yeah, I'm gonna use my savings. Or hell, I can buy more, but you hear what you wanna hear. They think I'm too expensive. They don't think I'm good enough.

Your story starts up. Before the truth of what is being shown back to you even comes forward. No different than you avoiding pain you make up a story about how everybody feels about you in the room simply by looking at them looking at you. I see you looking at me. I know what you're thinking.

And if my thoughts are negative or dissociated or just completely blighted or just completely egoic, then I'm going to imagine you're thinking things about me. Of course, that none of them are true. You might be thinking, I really need a place to go and sit right now, not what I think you're thinking about me. So you're seeing them watching you through a filter of your own mind and your own perspective and your own imagination, and that dialogue is yours. Straight away, that dialogue belongs to you.

So if you're worried about your weight, what's going to be in your head? They think I'm fat. They think I'm fat. They think I'm fat. They think I'm fat.

They think I'm fat. Who who's done that before? They think I'm ugly. They think I'm ugly. They think I'm ugly.

They think I'm ugly. They think I'm not nice. They think I'm not nice. They think I'm not nice. They think I'm not nice.

We are so wrapped up in what people are thinking about us we have stopped just projecting our true selves and just being open to love and blocking this idea of what you think people think about you. You know, the most incredible part about that is don't get me wrong because it does feel real on every level. And it is your reality, when you make something illness, it really is illness. Okay. So when I got called by my friend who said I looked at my money and then I got a cold, she really has a cold, she's not faking a cold, she suppressed her emotion, and it became illness straight away.

She didn't she didn't make it up. That is very real. I feel sick right now. I am uncomfortable. The same way somebody mirrors you.

You can decide that you're more worthy of love. Okay? You can transcend those parents, and you can decide that you're more worthy of income you can decide that you're more worthy of what you're getting now. You can just decide it. You can decide it right now.

I have decided, as of right now, I am worth more love. And the more self love that you create for yourself, the more respect, the more you turn that mind off, that mirrored mind off, the more you invite back to yourself a respect and a grace and an ease and a compassion for yourself, the easier you are in yourself, the more you shine, the more you light up, the more people light up back at you. And interestingly enough, you see yourself love reflected back at you everywhere. The more open you are on the street, I can walk along the street like this, or I can walk along the street like this, but when I walk into a into a shopping mall, when I walk into a supermarket, when I walk into somewhere where I'm engaged with people, I can light up a whole room, or I can shut it down based on how open I want to be. And I see myself love reflected back at me on every level.

I've got some photographs of my progression from pain to love, and you can see it on my body, on my face. I literally have gone from somebody who was in pain all the time, to being in love. Again, that doesn't mean I don't feel pain, but it distinctly changes the way I'm treated. And yet what we're doing is we're looking for our growth in other people. We're looking for our validation and other people.

We're looking for it in the sales we make in our business. If they validate me by paying me, you will tell me I'm good enough to do this job. See, in that statement was me me me. There was no, I'm gonna service you and give you an incredible experience and you're gonna pay me for a direct exchange of energy. Everything about what I just said was egocentric that I'm just gonna take good photos because I'm be a good photographer, and then you're gonna pay me, and then I'll be validated.

And if you don't pay me, of course I'm gonna cry for 3 days, and write it about it on Facebook because I'm clearly not good enough and you're telling me I'm not good enough. And we suddenly make everything about us. And yet the irony is your brain is contrasting and comparing at an extraordinary rate. It does that to know itself. Am I the prettiest in the room?

Am I the slimmest in the room? Am I the youngest in the room? Am I the strongest man in the room? My brother told me one day when he meets my beautiful, gentle brother, and that's why I think this is funny. He told me that when he meets another man, the first thing he thinks about is I could take a fight.

And I was like, do you really? And he goes, yeah? I'm like, I could take him. And then my dad goes, I was like, good. You're 66.

And he was like, I could tag him. And I'm like, oh lord. We compete, we compare our brain competes, it compares at contrast, but unfortunately, it tells fake stories. And so you've gotta look at the contrast and the competition and the compete without the story of what you think the person looking at you has decided about you, because it's not true.

==== End of Transcript: Self Value 11 - Bring it Back to You ====
