==== Start of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 3 ====

[00:00:00] Welcome to video 3. This is my favorite video because this is all about the bones, and the bones is the Super Bryce curation system. You don't know what you know until you go to teach it. And while I went to go and teach content curation, I don't see many people teach content curation. And when somebody asked me to teach it, my first question was, how do you teach it?

[00:00:25] I go through my own system of bones to work out what it is that I know about curating content. And the bones are very clear. This is a very, very basic system, but once you learn it, you will unfold content, develop content, grow content like nothing ever before, and it will be a game changer for you because it truly opens just pathways for you to walk you know, we talked about personal brand in video 1, which means that you can build a brand around you, just you, your name, you can even work full time and have a personal brand around you. You can be a solo printer in just about any way. Remember we talked about the multiverse and the unlimited potential.

[00:01:18] You can create merchandise. You can build a platform around you. You can build an entire world online around your name. So why do I keep saying stay in your lane? What does stay in my lane mean?

[00:01:34] Last video I talked about, do you have to be the expert? No. Do you have to be an expert Yes. Stay in your lane really means, find your superpower and then realize its value. Stay in your lane is gut instinct.

[00:01:55] Okay? So for me staying in my lane, was waking up every day and asking myself the question, do I feel like I'm on the right track? That gut instinct. This feels wrong. Why that gut instinct.

[00:02:11] This feels right. Follow that. That's staying in your lane. Can you be on the right freeway but in the wrong lane? Yes.

[00:02:18] That means you're going in the right direction and you're doing all the right things But you know, when you're in the slow lane and the fast lanes going and you just can't get that gap just to whip into that next lane, you know, a lot of people think they get frustrated and they're forcing it and they're stuck on the 405, but the truth is what really happening is you just don't have a lot of clarity and there's things just tripping you up and you just haven't got your connection and value and blow yet. And that's okay because they take a little bit of time. So sometimes you can just feel like you're in the wrong lane, but you're still moving, and that's good. You know, it's about realizing that something you do really well or something you do really easily is actually valuable to someone else. So, yes, it's value.

[00:03:05] And staying in your lane is about valuing yourself, finding out what it is that you do that is valuable, and then getting clarity around that. Okay. So when you can answer all of these next questions with clarity, Or I always say when you can answer these questions boldly. So really contemplate these questions in your homework, and I want you to be able to give me the answer to these questions by the end of this segment. And they know you'll be able to.

[00:03:40] What is your level of knowledge and experience? What is your level of knowledge and experience in your chosen field right now. Where have you done 10000 hours you might not have created the system, but maybe you did the 10000 hours in someone else's system. And now you know how to coach people through that system. Who do you want to speak to, and who is this content for?

[00:04:13] So what industry do you want to coach, teach, empower, and help? What demographics do you want to coach teach, empower, and why. What area of content is it? Is it business, Is it personal growth? Is it money?

[00:04:33] Is it mastery? You know, all content really belong to one of those 4 pillars. Don't worry. I'm gonna circle back to that. What level of content do you want to speak to?

[00:04:45] Are you talking to start up people? Are you talking at an intermediate level? Are you talking at an advanced level? Are you creating a master class? So many people create things which they call master classes, but they're really just a startup level to teach people an entry level of whatever industry.

[00:05:05] So it is important, you know, watch one of those pillars that you're really focused on. I always say, you don't know what you know. You don't know what you know until you prepare to teach it. And that is the most mind blowing thing. In fact, whenever I felt start with content.

[00:05:21] I simply imagined myself standing on stage answering that question to somebody else, even when the problem was my own, And there's just something about standing in front of people answering questions that make you realize that you know the answers So, you know, one of the really quick ways to work out, a solution to my own problem was to ask the question to myself on stage, like I was on stage, like I was the student asking my own question. You know, This is a really great exercise for speakers is if you ask a question or if somebody asked you a question, so let's say you're not speaking, you're just sitting on a panel. Maybe you're at an event and they've invited you on stage. Maybe you've given a talk and you're just doing a Q and a If anybody in the audience asked you a question, can you answer from experience? Number 2, can you give clear details on how you did it, built it, grew it, achieved it, or overcame it.

[00:06:23] Can you give the steps to action? How deep can you give those steps to action? Do you have examples? Do you have lived experience or even better? Do you have any evidence that this actually works yourself?

[00:06:39] Alright? Knowing that, what problems do you currently solve? Because so many people, they They can answer any question from experience, but when it comes time to teach it, they don't know what to write. So I always say solve all of your problems in your talk. That's all marketing is.

[00:06:59] When you know that, what are the problems you solve with your content? What are problems you solve with your products? What are the problems you solve with your systems? And what are the problems you solve with your education? If you can work out what the problems are, that's also how you get to market your business like a champ.

[00:07:18] Work out what problems you're solving with your product. And then you are solving problems in marketing. What questions are you already being asked by the people who follow you or by your clients or by colleagues or people in the industry. What questions do you love to answer? Okay?

[00:07:38] That is a clear indicator of where you should be going. Example, I love teaching business. So how did you build a business? How did you make that? How can I learn this?

[00:07:51] Those are the two things that everybody asks me, how did you learn this? What are the steps you took to do it? And how long did it take? So Let's just quickly check-in on our identity and our clarity from video 1 and 2 what products most excited you What identity was calling you? What path did you want to unfold first?

[00:08:16] Did you feel a declaration coming on. I'm going to be a speaker. I made a declaration to me even choosing that identity was so far removed from where I was and yet it was what I wanted, what I desired more than anything. I had imposter syndrome. I really put out this declaration to god, like, to the universe.

[00:08:40] I was like, I am going to be a speaker. It was all very dramatic. I am going to be a podcaster. What was yours? I am going to write film and release an online workshop.

[00:08:54] I am a coach. You've got to own it. First before you can start walking towards it. Can you be all of them? Could you be a speaker and a podcaster and a coach and a workshop host?

[00:09:08] Yes. You can do all of them, but you can really only be 1 or 2 of them. Right? That's your 3 by 3. So choose the one that really grabs you choose the one that calls to you.

[00:09:21] When you did sort of sit with those nouns and those adjectives, did you cry? Or did you tremor with excitement? Did you levitate, or did you get a throat punch from self doubt? What came up for you. I wanna know because what's gonna stop you is what came up for you when you chose that path when you chose that noun, when you chose that act adjective, what came up in your thinking and your thoughts.

[00:09:51] If there is any impostor syndrome around choosing this path to unfold if there is any imposter syndrome. Around choosing what product you're about to make and what thing you're about to become, then you still haven't found your value or your connection yet. Go back. Get more clarity. Let me say that one more time.

[00:10:15] If there is an imposter syndrome around choosing the path to unfold, then you still haven't found your value and connection yet. You still haven't found the right path. Now when we feel to syndrome, it's because we're trying to be something we're not. When we feel imposter syndrome, we're trying to grow too fast when we feel imposter syndrome with people pleasing. Okay.

[00:10:37] What feels right is the clarity of knowing exactly what I want and walking towards it so I don't feel like an imposter. When I say your superpower, I keep saying your superpower. Your superpower is right in front of you. Your superpower is right in front of you. This is the bit that's gonna freak you out the most.

[00:10:57] And when you have your big a moment, please write it down and send it to me the moment you have it. Okay? When I say your superpower is right in front of you, I mean, it's literally your field of genius. You're already doing it. And I know it's the weirdest thing, but as you open up and you unfold and you start to walk these paths, you start to see, I'm already doing this.

[00:11:18] I'm already this thing. I do this without being paid. Now I'm just valuing it. Who am I to become this thing? Well, you already are this thing.

[00:11:30] So there you go, you're not becoming anything. There is no imposter syndrome. You're just learning how to be more valuable as this thing. Now you're just making systems or products that share this thing, this gift, This thing that you are. I love this quote.

[00:11:47] I saw it on Instagram. I have googled the original source, and I cannot find it to anybody can tell me who the OG source of this, quote is when your story is the marketing, All you have to do is live the best artists and entrepreneurs figure this out and essentially hack the universe They look like they're doing a million things, but really they're doing 1. They're making art and living inside their work They never turn off because there's nowhere else to go. You know, when your story is the marketing, that's so true. When your story is you, And when the story is connected to the path you've walked, this is so powerful and authentic.

[00:12:31] You're already there. Just keep walking. Alright. Now we've cleared away ourselves. Get out of your own way.

[00:12:41] We've cleared away all the BS that we go through and tell ourselves about how special we are and how important we are or maybe the ego flares up and you're at the other end. You're in comparison. I'm better than them. I don't know why. I'm not successful, and they are It doesn't matter.

[00:13:01] Okay? Get it get out of your ego. You don't develop content in the ego. In fact, The creator's room is where you develop content, and there's no ego in the creator's room. The creator's room is in the multiverse.

[00:13:15] There's no ego. There's no rule There's no comparison. You know, there's no blocks and there's no limits in the multiverse. It's just creation. That's how you create anything.

[00:13:28] I asked you to do your timeline. What was your light bulbs around the timelines that you wrote out? Which timelines were easier to write? Did you get stuck on any? Which of those timelines gave you joy?

[00:13:42] Did you identify on your timeline a breakthrough or any breakthrough stories or any stories that were catalyst for you to grow and change? And was there a shift in mindset maybe or a shift in focus or business or income on your timeline? Why and how these are how you're stories develop. It's in walking through these steps that you find those stories and maybe you were starting a business with challenges back then Maybe you had no money, or maybe you were employed full time and building your side hustle. Maybe you were unsupported or uneducated like me, and that's your swan song.

[00:14:25] Maybe you were over supported and over educated and you still could not find your value. It doesn't matter what your story is it's your story. And if it has meaning, then bring it into your, bring it into your words, bring it into your story, bring it into your narrative, I've been teaching for 14 years. And the biggest questions, how did you do that? And how long did that take?

[00:14:54] That tells me people want the steps to action, and they want the timeline it took you So do your timeline. And if you didn't do your timeline last video, you're gonna go back and you're gonna do the timeline around every area that you've walked. You know, the main categories to teach, well, let me break break this down. The main categories to connect to people, to teach to speak, to instruct, to connect online, and in person, to coach, to write, to make products, and to create systems around a business, mastering anything, whether it's craft, mastering your mindset, mastering, money, mastering, confidence, mastering, your own emotional intelligence, mastery. Comes the root is mastery.

[00:15:45] So we've got business, we've got mastery, we've got personal growth, personal growth, could be something physical. Maybe you ran a marathon. Personal growth could be, you know, self love. Personal growth could be you know, a 1,000,000 different relationship building, personal growth is anything personal that you wanna change about yourself, whether it's physical, mental, emotional. It doesn't matter it's personal growth.

[00:16:10] And then the 4th one is money. So when I look at those 4 big areas, pretty much All content comes back to one of those 4 big things, and your subject that you start to develop will connect to one of those areas because everyone pays to upgrade their life. Everyone wants to upgrade their business, upgrade their lifestyle, upgrade their in upgrade their confidence, upgrade their value, upgrade their love. It's that simple. A business timeline is really how did you build that and how long did it take you to build that and what steps did you take?

[00:16:45] So if you wanna speak in business right now, go right now and focus on your business timeline is being the main line that you're going to build from. If it's mastery, so let's say you mastered your craft, you want to be an instructor, you want to be a leader in your field for mastery and whatever that mastery was, do a timeline for your mastery. Mastery. How did you master that? Timeline for self development?

[00:17:10] Same. How did you master that? And what is the timeline? Timeline for personal growth How did you master that? What steps did you take?

[00:17:18] How did you change that? And how long did it take? Same with money. Everybody wants to know the same thing. How did you do it?

[00:17:25] How did you do it? And how long did it take? What are the steps you took to walk there? It comes down to that every single time no matter what I do, it comes back to those 3 simple things in those areas. When you give people steps, you see where they get stuck on the climb.

[00:17:44] When you give people step by step action, this is the next step. And the next step, if you've already done that step, it's like a checklist. You're already ticking that step and moving to the next one, but I can see where you get stuck. I can look up the climb and see on what step you can't take another step forward. And when you can't take a step forward, it's because the step's too big.

[00:18:07] Okay. And it means that you need to break down smaller steps in between Some of your students will climb faster than others. Some will get stuck on steps you wouldn't have even thought about until they do. And if your steps are too big, you can see it, and you can correct this. You can just keep creating content that breaks down the next step and the next step, just seeing what people need.

[00:18:33] It's the fastest way to develop content when you're coaching or teaching is watch people walk your steps and see where they win, what's easy, what's hard, see the same steps repeatedly coming up for people over and over again. If you really wanna know the things that people get stuck on, think about those Four areas, money, money area, people get stuck on their path around money because they haven't sorted out their own money drama, their own debt, and they're not manifesting or creating wealth yet. When it comes time to building a business, it really comes down to, I don't know what steps to take, and then the fear putting myself out there in this massive imposter syndrome is around business. So when you're building a business, you know you have to hold people's hand through that moment where they're like, can I do this? Yeah.

[00:19:27] There's nothing more special about me, and I walk that path. When you think about mastery, you know, and you think about how you mastered this and how people master this, mastery takes time. Mastery takes 10000 hours. If you wanna take people to mastery, then that would be your program. Like, Think about that and how strong that is.

[00:19:50] And when it comes to personal growth, people want better body image, People want more money because they think that it's going to alleviate their money pain. But the truth is is personal growth is really connecting people to who they really are, their most authentic self, and what they really want so that they can walk towards that. You will not believe in this world how many people are people places They're living other people's dreams, building other people's dreams with other people's limits, constantly limiting themselves, and not just choosing to walk their own path. I want you to be brave on this journey. It's just steps forward.

[00:20:38] You're only taking steps forward. You know, sometimes you fall in skin and knee, and it hurts. Ouch. Would you just get on up? Less than land.

[00:20:49] When you give people quantifiable steps and a rewarding timeline, people are unstoppable. I have watched my students in 14 years. I have 3 students that are gonna break a 1,000,000 in income this year. 3, It took 14 years. 14 years to get them to break a 1,000,000 in income, I would like to, make a whole lot more, a $1,000,000 businesses in the next 12 months now that I know how.

[00:21:19] So when you give people these steps, these quantifiable steps, and you give people this rewarding timeline of every time you achieve this next step and next step, you're a step closer to an income You're a step closer to self employment. You're a step closer to the life you want and all the things you want. Business lights up for me first. I love to teach business. So my focus, my business is my main timeline, and I want you to tell me what your main timeline is.

[00:21:47] Was your is your main timeline gonna be about business and then everything else is weaved around it? Is your main timeline gonna be about personal growth? Is your main timeline going to be about money and is your main timeline gonna be about mastery? All four will feature in your narrative, but one will have the main timeline. My lights come on around my most transformational lived experience.

[00:22:15] And that was bootstrapping a garage studio into an annual income of $1,000,000 in 5 years. Okay. So That is my, what I say is my purpose or my rocket fuel, the fuel on my rocket. Is so let me just say it because it's kind of like an elevator pitch. I apologize.

[00:22:35] My button keeps hitting there. So let me just say that one more time because I actually when I wrote it, I reread it and I realized that this was such a proud moment for me. My lights come on around my most transformational lived experience. And that was bootstrapping a garage business studio into an annual income of $1,000,000 in 5 years with no money and no education. I have so much strength and clarity around that the way I said it.

[00:23:09] You know, this was my greatest shame. I did not finish high school, and I built an education company because this was my greatest purpose. In fact, my greatest shame became my greatest purpose That's my why. That's my TED Talk. I want you to find yours.

[00:23:27] It's that simple. It came down to that. I thought I didn't have a chance at building anything. What chance did I have to be self employed or own an income? My parents weren't self employed.

[00:23:40] So to me, it was, you know, I wasn't gonna get an education. How was they gonna make this work? How was they gonna get a job that supported me in my life? And it turns out I didn't need 1. So this is my content path.

[00:23:54] I teach step by step how I built a business in my garage with nothing, and how I built it up to a $1,000,000 income. Then I started to teach how I scaled up and out of that business to create a personal income of $1,000,000. So business is my main timeline, but my money timeline my self growth timeline and my mastery timeline, even my confidence in that system of growing and all system timelines that I built, they can all be woven into this main timeline timeline, but that main timeline timeline Say that three times fast. That main timeline is my foundation. Find your foundation and then start to build the narrative of all of your timeline When I teach money, money becomes the main timeline, obviously.

[00:24:46] When I teach self development, same, when I teach mastery, same, You know, I teach what I know. I know how to build something from nothing and give it value. I know how to stand out is being very good at one thing. And I want you to stand out as being very good at one thing instead of trying to do everything. First, just stand out at being really good at one thing and find your one thing.

[00:25:11] Alright. We are not making products just yet. We're still creating the bones. Okay. What are the bones?

[00:25:20] When it's time to create anything, I'm gonna ask you as a presenter, speaker, educator, I'm gonna ask you to show me the bones. I'm gonna ask you to lay down the bones of your knowledge, and this is how we develop and grow content. There are some rules. Rule number 1, you will need a pad, a writing pad. I get wreathful pads.

[00:25:44] I get them, delivered in bulk. I get, like, 20 at a time, and I get a very specific black ink writing pen. Because I love a beautiful ink pen on a nice, fresh pad. The rules are This is all done in your handwriting. Yes.

[00:26:02] It is. No typing. All in your handwriting. You're not making a product just yet, so chill out. You're simply choosing one subject to break down.

[00:26:14] No pressure. No tearing up the page. You're just gonna flow, rip them off, save them in a pile, put them behind you. If you don't wanna look at them, but don't tear them up, don't throw them away. You're gonna revisit them.

[00:26:26] Be amazed at what starts to come out in your flow as you start to write. So no pressure. Okay? No drama. You're just writing a list.

[00:26:35] It's a list of flow. So choose that subject, write the subject at the top, slowly start to flow. If you feel stuck, walk away. You're focused on the wrong thing. There's no right or wrong answer.

[00:26:49] There's only creative flow. So just flow. I want you to make lists, make lists under that subject. If you think of more, make a new list. If you think of a different list, make a different list.

[00:27:02] Brain dump brain dump lists. Start a list write it again, write it again, write it again, write it again, write it again, write it again, write it again, write it again, until you can't change it anymore. Write 100 different lists. ID you. Come back to the one that let you up the most.

[00:27:21] Keep the others in a pile. Revisit them. Go through them, highlight the best of all of them, rewrite one list. Keep going. Don't compare the list.

[00:27:30] Don't judge the list. Just feel it. Just feel the list and flow. You've got a subject and you are flowing this list underneath it. Relax.

[00:27:41] Okay? It's not being carved in stone. You haven't even chosen a product yet. You're just flowing out your knowledge As a list under that subject, get it out of your head, and put it in front of you on a piece of paper. Have fun.

[00:27:58] Play. Pretend. Visit the multiverse. Read it out loud to the mirror. Get over yourself.

[00:28:04] You're not that important. You're here to create. It's not stressful. This is magic. Make some magic.

[00:28:11] Why do we get so dramatic? Make magic. How do you feel when you look at this content? Excited? Frustrated?

[00:28:19] Do you wanna rewrite it? Do you think it's missing something? Add it? Do you think something needs to be changed? Change it, rewrite it, become aware of how you feel when you're writing it.

[00:28:31] Did you feel ignite it? Follow it. Build your story out with facts. You don't need fluff. You don't need any fluff whatsoever.

[00:28:39] People want next steps, and you're just building your narrative. Like a resume, it's about realizing that every step that you talk to grow is extraordinary. And every step you talk to grow is part of what you accomplished. It's part of your story. It's not about having the biggest accomplishment list.

[00:29:00] I'm not asking you to write pretty marketing words. In fact, please stop trying to fluff everything. It's the biggest mistake we make is It's all fluffy, fluffy, fluffy. People don't want fluff. They want meat and vegetables.

[00:29:17] Tell me how you did that. How long did it take? What are the steps you took to get there? It couldn't be more basic. In fact, simplify it.

[00:29:27] So I'm simply saying whether I'm in person or whether I'm online, when I speak to an audience of people that want to be self employed, and I outlined the simple steps that I took to get there I learned 99% of people were paralyzed or avoiding. And I took action That's the only difference. They're paralyzed or avoiding. They don't know what step to take next, or they're avoiding it because it uncomfortable in the personal growth or money realm. But if you don't know the next step and you're avoiding all your paralyzed because you're about to grow, then it made me realize that all I ever did was took action on my next step.

[00:30:14] That's what everybody wants is just the next step. Focus on seeing the steps you walked. See them as steps to action because that's exactly what they were. You know, these steps if they light you up is the path to your content. It's just building inside you have all this content and you maybe didn't even realize it.

[00:30:36] That's what we will expand out of you. You know, these are achievements. Yes. You look at these lists and you've achieved these things. That is true.

[00:30:46] These are systems that you developed. Grab hold of them. People love systems. This is things that you built in steps you took. You learn through your mastery.

[00:30:56] You know, next level growth, maybe it's breaking through blocks, find every narrative that meant something to you, in market because you're going to use it. And if there was any growth at all that is relevant to the timeline or the content, then market facts numbers, dates, data, data, data, or data, depending where you live. So To create this content, we're gonna choose a subject right now. And let me just say one thing. If you choose business as your subject, you can do one for business that's very generic because business has so many subcategories, but I would like you to be more specific So if you write startup business, then I know that it's about business startup.

[00:31:42] So that definitely helps define your audience more. But go one further. Could it be, creative startups? You know, so, like, really try and define this topic first or the subject and break it down. If you find the subject is too big, just be more specific.

[00:32:01] At the top of every notepad, I write subject, date, and draft because I like to keep a tally and I like to show people how content expands and grows, and you can only do that by showing, you know, your notes. And I love to mark a date and draft on my notes because when I do revisit them, I'm blown away, but what I brain dumped without thinking and then left on the table and didn't even pick up. Like, I just brain dumped it and moved it aside. I can go back through my notes and write entire segments now because sometimes I'll be getting information that'll end up being important at another stage of the content that I'm teaching might not be for right now. That's why keep those pages.

[00:32:48] Keep those pages. I'm looking for 20 bullets And if you download the template for content curation and watch that map and go through it, then you can see on that page there is 20 lines and I want the 20 most important things that you could say about the subject that's written at the top. Spend some time looking at it. Are they in order? Make them stronger?

[00:33:12] Do they flow? Are they in a linear flow? Do you need to replace any Do you need to put them in a different order? Do you need to amalgamate some? Is there something missing?

[00:33:23] Add it? Do you need more clarity? Add it do you need more connection, add it? If you need more, plump it up, and if it's too plump, amalgamate, and chop it down, okay, you don't need that much content, I'm looking for 20 of the most powerful bullets, amalgamate similar content together and combine it with the stronger title, categorize, what categories do you see? Are there overarching themes?

[00:33:48] Are there systems, trim it, condense it, refine it, practice it, repeat? Do it again. Do it again. Do it again. Write a 100 of them.

[00:33:59] Write a 100 until you can't change it anymore. Right a 100 until you not only can't change it. You're so excited looking at this list of content. You can't put it down. You think about it.

[00:34:09] All day, you're thinking about it. Well, you're doing that job. You don't wanna do anymore. You're thinking about it at night when you go to bed. You think about it when you wake up in the morning because calling you back there, go back to it, have another look at it, and when it's good, when it's good in 20, and you wouldn't change it, and they love it, then you're ready to craft some content and some products out of it.

[00:34:30] I did the same thing for business. I did the same for the craft of photography, I bullet pointed how I learned and applied each step of my craft and in what priority and why and then the evolution of all the systems that I built around me and my business. Repeat it until you feel certainty and conviction and connection and clarity. Get clarity on what you know. And what you're most excited to teach.

[00:35:02] Okay? Cause you can't teach something that you're not lit up by. Arrange those bullets step by step in a natural order of flow. So if somebody was learning form from you, it is the next congruence step from them for them. Eliminate any weak areas and any subjects that you have no excitement to teach, that you have no excitement to teach.

[00:35:26] Give it to someone else. Don't try and teach or develop content that you're not connected to, that you have not mastered, and that you have no great desire to teach just because you can. Doesn't mean that you should. Remember, intention is everything, and people can feel it when it's not true. They can feel it when it's not you.

[00:35:49] So once we get to the bones, These bones are locked in. And yes, the next video, I'm going to ask this very important question. Are these segments to a workshop? Is this these 20 bullet points? Is this a video series?

[00:36:10] Are they book chapters? Oh, are they slides to a keynote? Is it a class? Is it a series of classes? Is it a digital product?

[00:36:23] Is it a coaching track? Because do you know what? It's all of those things. And you just write them. But before we do any product making, any, there's one more step that I want you to take, and this is where it starts to really get fun.

[00:36:41] Once your bullets are locked in and you have 20 powerful bullets on that list, in linear order of growth, and they feel so good to you before we can even make it into a product. I want you to just develop your depth of knowledge and your experience. So I want you to take get the next template take your bullets, and I want you to flip them and make them titles. And when you make them titles, when you flip your bullets to titles, you're gonna plump your verticals. And this is where your verticals grow.

[00:37:20] This is where your verticals deepen. This is where branches of content will grow, and you will visually see it. This is how content develops very quickly. Shorter content can be integrated to plump up other areas. So let's just say I have 10 subjects and 2 of those subjects are shorter?

[00:37:40] Well, I would just instead of making a 60 minute video like the other 8 subjects, I'd make 2:30 minute videos and then put them together in their own little side piece over here. So shorter content can always be amalgamated But ultimately, what we're trying to do is plump up and see how deep those verticals can go. I really integrate the Four areas of business, personal growth, money, and mastery into everything I teach because I know that those 4 areas is what everybody wants to make better in their lives. I teach the steps to self value. No different than I teach building a business step by step.

[00:38:19] In fact, I love to teach them in parallel because they believe they're mutually dependent on growth success and the ability to make money, which is also another entire other area So they all belong to the same coaching structures. They all belong to the same empowerment it's whether or not one of those pulls you more than the other 3 do. I connected a huge amount of content around building my business and the fear that I had to conquer to do that. I simply identified the same fear that everybody feels and how to take action with that fear because that's what I did, and everybody resonated with it because it was true. And then I break down the steps that I took to get there.

[00:39:04] Step by step. Every time I watched my students get stuck or falter, I created more steps to help them get up to that step. I love curating content for startup businesses, creatives and business, solo printers, and teaching them how to create and monetize abundantly because that was me. This is what lights me up because this was my life story. I walked this path, and it changed my life.

[00:39:33] It makes it so easy to teach it. So how do I teach what I know? It's not what you know. It's what you did, and it's how you did it. And I want you to just Find the value in the path you walked.

[00:39:53] Because when you can see that the path you walked is valuable, You'll understand that you can create the path forward for so many people that want to know how to walk that path. Show don't tell. Now your homework is to write so many bones and write those bones and get those bones down until you look at that list with so much excitement until you tremble with joy and connection, and you can read me that list and then we'll start making some products out of it. Have fun. I really look forward to seeing you coaching this this video.

==== End of Transcript: Content Curator - Week 3 ====
